This week the future gets a little bit clearer during GDC week with an official price for
PlayStation VR and a patent based possibility for Nintendo's NX controller.
Convention weeks mean plenty of news and information to cover and it all starts right now on the
show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 635 March 20th
of 2016. Here we are assembled in studio to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer
lifestyle with myself Rob Roberts on Twitter at Skie, S-K-I-E and over there DarkSakura or
Jamie Summers. Oh hi. Hi how are you doing? I'm all right how are you? Good, good. How has your day
been? I planted things. Did you? I played outside. Were you playing Stardew Valley or was this IRL?
It was IRL yo. Although you if you haven't tried it yet you need to try that Stardew Valley I'm
telling you. I think you'd love it. Shane keeps telling me about it even though he's not playing
games. I was like wait Shane isn't even playing games. He's doing what he does best enabling
others. He's an enabler I know but um but no I we've got some some of those decorative plants in
my backyard are dead. Yeah. And so I'm putting actually useful plants back there. Nice. Like
rosemary. And Venus fly traps. I wish I could put picture plants back there but you have to live in
a swamp. You know once at my old job I had years and years ago before OLR I had a desk and one day
they were like we're gonna go nice enough the office we're gonna go get everybody some plants
for their desk to nice and things up and you know they asked everybody what they wanted and everybody
was saying things they said Rob what do you want on your desk I was like hmm I want a Venus fly
trap and bless their hearts they brought me back a Venus fly trap to put on my desk and I was like
this is cool. Of course you have to you have to really resist the urge to trigger the trap with
your pencil because you know that's gonna kill it because you know it has to actually be a fly.
But I did come into work one day and the jaws were shut and I was like oh did its job. Nice.
I wish it had had something like that at the place that I used to work because there would
be like little fruit flies hanging out on some of the plants. A Venus fly trap would have been
pretty useful then. Very useful. Also also useful here on this program every week in studio we are
joined except last week we were joined by tech master Loki. Yeah. Welcome back. How are you?
Yeah. Yeah. Oh that good huh? No it's just dinner was yeah. Oh I see the fast fast food you picked
up. It was not good. Well I couldn't decide what I wanted and I was like well I can get a sandwich.
That was already once on the free. I was like well that's way far away now. So I'm like eh let's get
Jack in the Box and the Jack in the Box is not no it was not up the par today. Had like a quarter
of that burger and threw the fries away because they were just limping nasties. Sorry to hear
that. That's all right it happens you know. Real problems you know what you should go back and
complain that's what people do. Complain. Yeah I don't think so. I don't want more free food of
that. No I'll just it's it's fine. All right. Well you know it what there is plenty of bacon
but the bacon tasted like it had like I don't know buffalo wing sauce on it or something it
just tastes it off so no. Hopefully it wasn't one of those things where somebody like you know like
messed with the sauce or something. No their their bacon sometimes tastes like that. I think it's
just if it's older. Well it's fast food quality. It's no it was not good today. There's no old
adage you get what you pay for. You guys are in our chat room every week of course over at
live.vognetwork.com because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network
vognetwork.com right after the Bobby Black Wolf show where SSG100Matt is in chat saying yeah I
could have used a fly trap at my old job. A lot of gnats. That sounds kind of gnats-ty. Get it?
All right. We have some special guests here in studio. This is fun. So Jamie has a bestie
and Jamie's besties name is Becky and Becky's here in studio tonight and sometimes she she's
she's brought us cakes and things like that in the past. We love when Becky comes to visit even
even without food just to say hello. How are you doing Becky? I'm doing pretty well thank you.
Awesome. Great to have you here. And Becky you've brought someone very special with you to the show.
Do you want to introduce who else you brought with you tonight? I did indeed. I brought one of my
personal favorite people on this planet. I may be a little biased given that he came from my body.
You say that like it's another planet. Oh some people might wonder. Anyway here he is. Say hi.
Hello. Hey welcome to the show. It's Julian right? Yeah. Welcome Julian to Orange Launch
Radio. How are you doing? Good. Good. So Julian you're a bit of a gamer right? Yes. What kind of
games do you play? I play a lot of Minecraft, pirate 101, and platforming games. Platforming
games. What are those? What are platforming games to you? Um mostly the platforming games that I play
are like pac-man platform 2. Pac-man platform 2. I don't. That's a flash. One of the flash games
isn't it? Oh yeah. Okay okay. You like little internet flash games. You like some of those
sim games on Xbox don't you as well? I also play a lot of what's it called? Disney infinity. That's
right because when you you came in here you saw my little Sam Flynn over there from Disney infinity
and you asked me if I had Disney infinity I was like no I just had the figure. You know why?
Because Tron is really cool. Have you seen Tron? Yeah. No I have not. You need to ask your mother
to see Tron. Becky. Becky you let me down over here. You got to educate the kid on Tron. That's
okay I'm just I'm just giving her a hard time. That one I tried to convince him to watch before
and he's like eh no it doesn't look good. That's good. All right we'll revisit this. Yeah yeah
revisit this conversation a little later. That's right. Julian what about your Lego games? You're
playing Lego Star Wars for a while. I played yeah I play a lot of Lego Star Wars. I also play Lego
Marvel and the Lego movie game. Now are these now Loki you play the Lego games are these the same
ones you've been playing? The Lego Marvel right? You talked about that on the show. Yeah we play
Lego Marvel and then Lego Avengers and Disney Infinity 3.0. Now have you played the Lego
dimensions where you have like the real Legos that you put on the little portals? No I have
not but I've heard of it. It's kind of a waste of space let me tell you. It's kind of it's kind of
a lot of junk. No it's it's kind of cool but the the regular Lego games are cool by themselves too.
How old are you Julian? I'm eight. My birthday is coming up and I'll be nine on April 27. I'm
celebrating it on the 24th. Oh well are you inviting all our listeners to your party? I'm
just kidding don't don't invite them some of them are weird. All right. What's wrong with weird?
I suppose that's true. This is a show that myself and Jamie and Matt all co-host after all. So tell
us tell us a little more about Minecraft because you you know you're you know more than me when it
comes to Minecraft. Like you were playing on that tablet and you were like you want to see cool
stuff and you put all these creepers into a little hole and then you blew them all up. And then and
then got a bunch of experience. Yeah. What's your favorite thing to do in Minecraft? Do you like do
you like to just do like crazy stuff or or do you try to like actually play the game and build a
house and all that? What do you do in Minecraft? I usually go to creative mode. It's survivally
like if that's even a word. It is we make up words here on this show don't worry. Okay good.
Was I gonna say you? I think you're gonna tell us more about what you do in Minecraft. I usually
build a house and chant a bunch of good weapons actually chant armor usually use diamond armor
and then I build an ender portal and go to the end and fight the ender dragon. I know how to get
the egg so what you do how I do it is you press LT on the egg dig two blocks down dig dig straight
one block put a redstone torch or torch break the block above the torch fall down on the torch and
break and then you have the egg. Well there you go tips from Julian on Minecraft y'all in chat
over at live.vognetwork.com. Now when I hate I hate saying that I just wish you I hate saying
these words that are about to come out of my mouth but I have to say it when I was your age Julian
we were playing games like the Oregon Trail have you ever played the Oregon Trail? No I have not
I've never even heard of it. Yeah I know it's kind of yeah in the Oregon Trail it was it was a game
that we played to learn about history because you know way back when and that was what we're
supposed to be learning about that I thought it's about efficient hunting. Way back when in
the 1800s before there were cars or any of that when people wanted to come to California because
of the gold they had to come in covered wagons and they took something called the Oregon Trail
because you could also go to Oregon you go to California you go to Oregon so this is a game
where we learned about that but you also did weird things like you would hunt buffalo and you
would type in the names of your friends you're gonna bring on you with your journey but sometimes
they would die of dysentery and it was really weird. What? Yeah I know right? What even is dysentery?
It's bad I don't know what it is but it's bad. It's a disease it has to deal with having very
bad infections and probably awful diarrhea. Yeah well that's oh this is weird let's not talk about
it so all right. How'd we go from Minecraft to that? Welcome to the show Julian. That's the type
of games we had to play have you have you played like games that were cool when we were your age
have you played any like older games you ever played like old-school Nintendo games? Um I've
gone to Stragman Evils and played those games. Wait what he went where? Homestarrunner.com. Oh
he played the Homestarrunner games. Those are the closest to old games I've played. Well one of these
Pac-man also Pac-man that's that's considered old game. Okay played all those Capcom games with
Dan. You played um the King Arthur game? Yeah those were fun. They were so good he doesn't
remember. He played the Capcom he and Dan were playing the Capcom classics one of those
collections. Yeah I'm just Minecraft there's a lot you can do in that they didn't have things
like that when when I was 8. We had this thing called logo that what you did you told the turtle
you'd say draw forward 30 and then turn right 30 and then it might make a little picture and that
was like the highlight of your day. Does that sound fun? Um no. No it wasn't very fun you're right it wasn't very fun.
Let's see over at our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com actdeft and chat says Julian
was spot-on on any new listener to the show. Dungeon Buster says Julian should play ET the
extraterrestrial. Have you ever seen the movie ET? Um I've seen the movie and no. No thank you.
Well they can you believe it they made a game based on the movie and back in the day it used
to take one guy to make a game so one guy made that game in six weeks and can you imagine how
it turned out? It's it sound like it turned out it would suck. Yeah you know what it turns out
you're right it did not turn out very good at all. Even with like a bunch of people that you
have to work it on like for like three years and then it turned out. You should be a manager at
Atari because you make better decisions than they did in the 80s. In fact probably better decisions
than they do today. Just say have you ever played driver 3? It's awful it's awful. It's awfully good
is what he means to say. All right awesome do you now okay so so in chat over at live.vognetware.com
YYR says Julian is the next great game designer. Well maybe maybe I don't do you want to make games
or you which or you just want to play them? I was actually interested in it. What inspired me is I
noticed my initials JDS. So so your initials inspired you to do game design? Yeah because my
last two initials are DS. Oh I see what he did his initials are DS it's a sign. Becky was that
planned when you named him that you. It was actually just I was looking for initials that
would sound cool together I figured if anybody was gonna give him nicknames like JD. JD works
okay you know he's not gonna get his butt kicked on the playground initials like JD. All right
awesome so that's a so because you're in okay so you know a lot of people are wondering what's
the new Nintendo what could the new Nintendo system be maybe it will be a JDS and that will
really be the sign my friend. Wouldn't that just be a Japanese DS? Maybe you're such a buzzkill dark
side. I know. So Julian if if you were to make a game what kind of game do you think you'd make?
I might play some I might not play what how do I get play um the game the games I would make
are the types of game like pirate 101 I would make games like that. Okay I have to admit I don't know
pirate 101 I played a game called puzzle pirates back in the day but I doubt it's the same thing
what do you do in pirate 101 what's that game? So um it's your it starts off by being captured
of the armada it's if you want me to explain the whole thing it's a real long story um give us a
short version so um then there's a war they made the armada everything went well they made more
and more and everything turned out bad okay um I picked a swashbuckler defend I defend my friends
um so I got arrested by the armada. Well that's no fun did you go to jail? Um yeah by deacon the
canes messenger canes was the first and wait did you have to bust out of jail or was like there's
no getting out like it's a Korean jail like what happened um there is this pirate named boot beard
or something and um came and the right when they came the back of the prison exploded awesome ran
out free someone which was your first companion came out um killed some armada people. Let me
ask you this question because what you said made me think of this okay tell me if this is true or
false game with explosions are better than games with no explosions games with explosions are
better that's that's right that's just this kid you train this kid well Becky he knows what he's
talking about I must say yes he's if you can't blow anything up it's no fun and games and evidenced
by the fact that any time I play Dragon Age 2 he always wants to come as soon as we get to the last
the last mission because his favorite thing is watching the chantry blow up awesome and games
where you cause the explosion are the best that's why you like minecraft I know it I know it cuz
that's one of the cool thing yeah he's not in his head over there yyr is helping out a little bit
in the description of pirate 101 saying from Wikipedia it's a pirate based MMO created by
Kingsisle entertainment players assume the role of the heroic pirates that set out in search of the
treasures of the spiral the same fictional universe used in its sister game wizard 101
oh there's a whole there's pirates and there's wizards oh yeah um there's a game called wizard
when one it's much longer they've done more for it there instead there be a instead of the top
will be in level 65 the top level is 110 oh boy that sounds like a long game is there ninjas 101
I don't know well you would think pirates 101 is there pirate wizards 101 are the ninjas you
fight called ninja pigs all right all right fair they're horrible ninja pigs sound pretty awful
it's holy cereal I think Julian's having a heart attack over there so so okay so the game you're
gonna make is gonna be pirates explosions and killing ninja pigs for sure all right there's
more so it's a spin-off of Angry Birds would you not like Angry Birds Julian Angry Birds is okay I
have Star Wars Angry Birds I'm really good at it all right the humility is important when you're
playing games absolutely absolutely all right Julian I'm trying to think what else to ask you
what what do you what do you want gamers everywhere out there to know about like what you hope the
future has in store for games I don't know games better games games games games and better ones get
better get make the games better that's right work on that make the games better I like that's good
now when you are you know I know this is a long way away Julian but when you're in your 30s do
you think you'd want to do an online radio show like we do do you want to take over or when I
retire yeah yeah all right there we go awesome there we go so you guys here to here first this
is this is the trick how we're gonna get a well are going for 50 years we're gonna pass it on to
Julian when we're gone so we'll check in we'll have to check in again with Julian in a few years
and see how that plan is progressing sound good sounds good well Julian thanks so much for being
on the show I hope you had fun I didn't have a lot of fun awesome awesome you get to tell our
listeners about pirates 101 and give them some elite minecraft tips awesome we'll have have fun
and when you when you check out a new game that you think is really awesome and you want to tell
us all about it you have to come back okay okay awesome I know you were a big hit with our chat
room over at live live dot fog network calm oh that's okay that's okay if you're gonna talk use
the mic oh yeah what is there are two games that I really want okay there's one called universe
sandbox 2 mostly why I want it is black holes you get to explode everything and mess up everything
in the whole entire freaking universe sounds reasonable and then spore it's a game about
evolution and you know spore I know the five stages that goes from Stell cell stage creature
stage tribal stage civilization stage and space day that's interesting spore is kind of an older
game so you have you wanted that was made in 2008 interesting you know I bought spore when it first
came out I was at e3 one year and will right who created spore did like a little tour of the game
and when that game came out they had huge expectations for it and unfortunately didn't do
it didn't do as well as they'd hoped and part of the reason why now sometimes they do that with
games they make them better after they come out like there's a game called destiny that that's
what they did they made it better like way after it came out so maybe spore was kind of like that
but I think that's really cool that you still want to play old games as well as new ones cuz
I think old games are really cool too so that's awesome all right let's see over at live dot vog
network comm let's see s2100 Matt says got to start him on the show when they're young yep
rage nator says Julian needs to be the fourth host make it so maybe in a few years raging here
maybe a few years he's got a he's got a graduate high school first let's see Rama says is he taking
over for intern drew I hope so he's a lot more entertaining I'm sure Julie appreciates that
compliment I'm sure he does let's see in dark Tetsuya says always good to get the younger
perspective absolutely and why YR says spore is from 2008 geez it's almost 10 years old already
yeah you know it's a spore is probably as old as you are Julian it's kind of it's an older game
almost almost then you then you get to play the stuff that maybe
you know what you'll probably like though is a no-man's sky if you have a PlayStation 4 or PC
I guess that's a PlayStation 4 I have is well it's not really mine it's mostly dad's the closest to
PlayStation 4 that we have in the house is an Xbox one okay well Xbox one's pretty cool you can do a
lot with an Xbox one yeah yeah let me ask you I'm gonna ask you one more thing real quick Julie and
then we're gonna move on with the show cuz we have a lot of news to talk about this week but
Julian do you know about virtual reality have you seen like the virtual reality the little
headsets I mean the oculus rift that's right the oculus rift is one of them I've watched some videos
on the oculus rift it's really cool yeah is that something you wanna you want to play with at some
point hope yeah yeah it looks really cool cuz you know tonight we're gonna talk about the PlayStation
VR is gonna be coming out and so this is a thing that's gonna be in people's homes pretty soon so I
mean in a couple of years it'll it'll be probably about as common as an Xbox one it's gonna be kind
of trippy so all right well we're gonna move on thank you Julian for being here and I I know I
don't know if you guys are gonna hang around or if you're gonna take off but if you do end up
hanging around we you can speak up whatever you like on whatever topics we're talking about but
in the meantime we always like to start off each week show talking about how was your gaming week
and the types of video games that we have been playing this week so dark soccer do you want to
tell us a little bit about your gaming week I played some Animal Crossing happy home designer
because I just got my new Animal Crossing amiibo I have Rover I have kappa and I'm waiting on Timmy
and Tommy to arrive I did play some Dongan Ronpa I'm playing fractal again which I love my puzzle
games so I had to get back into fractal and I hit level seven in ingress finally congrats because
those Smurfs kept trying to steal my home so I would just steal it back and then when I actually
made that leap into seven I started hunting them down out of spite because it was great
awesome right gargamel like as real and yeah I think that's really been about it because it's
been kind of a weird week that's all all right Loki how about you how is your gaming week well
let's see I finished platinum in Lego Avengers so we have everything done there I don't play it
anymore which is great until the DLC comes out and then I'll have to finish that I played a
little bit of the track me a turbo beta so they give you basically all the white courses or at
least most of the white courses to try out which are the easiest ones which you could have fooled
me because they're still pretty hard and so it's pretty looking game it's also you know it's
gameplay wise it reminds me a lot of was it the motorcycle racing one I can't remember what it's
called now anyways um you know just like a track meeting game but very pretty and so you know it's
got the course editor in there you're racing against times you know keep retrying to perfect
each you know race especially getting gold on everything it's very difficult I like it I was
planning on picking it up beforehand and you know this kind of you know solidifies that a little
bit more so I got to play a little bit of that and then I what else I play um ingress a little
bit I haven't been playing too much of that but I played a little bit of that and oh that's pretty
much it I think yeah all right a little bit of the little bit of the gear VR stuff just test out
some of the demos most of our videos those kind of lame yeah so I haven't really wanted to buy
anything because they have like some free games but most of them are kind of lame they have games
you can purchase but I'm like and without demo it's kind of hard for me to want to do this I
wish I just had more of the free content that you know oculus has available for like you know the
dk2 and that kind of stuff I just wish the dk2 ran better on my computer yes need it's justification
for you to get a better computer well yeah but that's expensive so it is it is all right my
gaming week let's see I actually played a variety of things this week thanks to the expanded Xbox
one backwards compatibility with 360 games I don't know if you guys know but some new games
hit this Thursday and a couple big ones Alan Wake hit which I have loaded by and play yet
but I did play quite a bit of Castlevania Symphony of the Night is available now through backwards
compatibility on Xbox one so if you bought that on the 360 check your Xbox one because you can go
back and revisit Symphony of the Night which I did I actually played quite a bit of it this week
and I miss that game you know it's got some weirdness though for that version because not
all of the tricks from the PlayStation version work that is true they did you know it's not a
perfect port but as far as you know if you just want kind of the core experience of the game and
revisiting it and it's kind of fun to play it on the Xbox one with all the newer features and all
that so I did play quite a bit of that also on the PlayStation 4 I played just some random things
that I had to catch up with my backlog and then a little bit of Tron run are I tried to play on PC
but then it crashed in the second level like my video card doesn't like the game or something
that kind of like irritated me I don't know what's I think that's coming out though on PlayStation
4 it is already out but it is already out like it's like 20 bucks for the game oh god no oh no
then there's expansions on top of no but on Steam because I was an early access person for $10 I got
all of it no I'm not paying $20 for that it's one of those things where I'm gonna wait for a sale
and then I'll get out get all that stuff cuz I'm not gonna buy it now no way they have like
transformers on sale right now for like $17 and I was like that's still too high even though it
looks good I just it it's not that I don't think it's a great game and it's not deserving of even
the full amount of money it's just that I don't have a lot of time to dedicate to it so I don't
think I think I'd purchase it and not play it and I don't want to pay $17 for a game that I'm gonna
purchase and not play so here's another game that I played this week that's brand new that I picked
up on Friday and I've been enjoying it a lot more than I thought I would and that is Pokken
Tournament is on the wheel and if you don't know Pokken Tournament it's basically the Pokemon
fighting game that Bandai Namco did so it's I think it's got elements of Tekken which is why
they call it Pokken but I don't I don't know if I see an awful lot of Tekken in it because one of
the things that they did that I really think is like different for other fighting games I've
played like you know you play Street Fighter 5 you kind of know what to expect a lot of those
fighting games are very similar they're all those 2d games Pokken does a 3d type system but using
certain moves you kind of pull the other fighter in and then it switches it does what's called a
phase shift into a 2d mode so it kind of seamlessly goes back and forth then you can push them out of
that back into what they call the field mode so right off the bat I was kind of like oh this is
a little different than other fighting games I've played so um I like that and then um you know
it's it's pretty easy to pick up there's only so many buttons and they kind of built like a rock
paper scissors thing into it with the different types of attacks I mean I still feel like I'm
button mashing sometimes but I kind of know a little bit more than I do in most fighters when
I'm just sitting there mashing all the buttons I feel like okay I know what buttons I'm mashing
with purpose so that's kind of cool um the only I get there's only 16 I think playable Pokemon which
is a little weird when you consider there's what like 700 different Pokemon so that part's a little
dlc yeah maybe maybe uh amiibo because you can get uh you get shadow mu 2 through uh one of the
the little amiibo card or whatever so there's that um and then you can use your other amiibo to just
unlock random things in the game but like the pokemon amiibo don't do anything the the other
amiibo don't do they just unlock random things that's all well let's that's great Nintendo wait
yeah no no what no no I'm not gonna blame Nintendo because it's not Nintendo's fault it's Namco's
fault for not utilizing those in you know better ways so no Nintendo gets a pass here but you
should really pressure your developers to do something special with those poke you know Pokemon
amiibo um an act-deft in chat over at live dog network comm says the poke and dev say that no
DLC is planned but we'll see well nothing nothing's ever planned of course of course well that's not
true it's been a DLC nowadays but um yeah I'm enjoying poke and tournament more than I thought
I would I will say that I actually went online and played an online match I was very like kind
of nervous to do that I didn't like that even when I play a fun mode game that my stats are still
tracked I was like oh this is the mode where I'm supposed to be able to be bad they're just
tracking your fun yeah they're tracking my fun that I had fun zero out of one matches but that
it's okay because I had a good time playing the fight and it's like oh you know knowing there's
a live person on the other hand and in Japan nonetheless kind of just like oh it adds another
layer of intense intensity to the fight so why we are in chat over at live dog network comm says
my poking record online is three to ten or so I got destroyed I feel like I don't fully understand
the system yet but it's fun it's kind of where I'm at too I don't have that in-depth knowledge
that it probably takes to be a tournament fighter but I feel like I know enough to just kind of have
fun and button mash so yeah long story short I enjoy poking more than I thought I would so if
you like fighting games or you really like Pokemon and kind of want to experience it a different way
it might be worth checking out that $60 price tag might seem a little high especially when 16 is all
there is I'm sure the game will be on sale by Christmas but we'll see we'll see um that's really
pretty much everything that I played this week other than the usual stuff Final Fantasy 14 I
guess there is one other thing I ought to mention or else somebody will say something in chat
because I posted a Twitter about it earlier I also played World of Warcraft last night and today
you remember remember that MMO I played for years and years and even had a podcast about it at one
point yeah I decided to just peek and see what's going on here's the thing here's the thing for you
guys I'll start yelling addict and all that stuff I'm actually not paying for it because you can
play a character from 0 to 20 in the starter edition which is just the game without the
monthly fee or the free edition or whatever so I'm just I'm leveling a character from scratch
because one of my buddies mentioned to me that if you get a character to level 20 and it has to
you can't use one of your old characters you have to actually ding that level 20 achievement now if
you do that with a character you get I think an extra character and hearthstone or something like
that and it's not even that I play hearthstone but I was just like I've been kind of curious
how Warcraft might be different all these years since I left it so I'll check it out and that
gives me something to work towards but will I pick it up again full-time with a subscription fee
I'm not sure I will even though I have friends online that I haven't played with in a long time
that I'd like to go back and experience Wow with I'm still super into Final Fantasy 14 like when I
hear the news about World of Warcraft I'm like oh okay neat I guess I don't know if I really follow
it as well as I used to anymore but cool cool but then when I hear about Final Fantasy 14 news I'm
like yes more primals yay fan fest so I just I don't know I I guess Wow is something fun to kind
of flirt with while there's there's a little bit of downtime on Final Fantasy 14 I guess I guess
that's that so and yeah look at a chat over at live dot vog network comm rage Nader says sky
played Wow addict you know see I knew that was coming I knew that was coming all right we're
about to get into our news I did want to mention one thing I played also Disney infinity this week
oh yeah because they have it there's having a sale again at GameStop for their used characters
so you buy to get three free and so you know I was picking up pizza and we had time to kill so
we went over there and picked up five new characters because you know it's dirt cheap
that's the price that I should pay for those things and we own like 30 of them by now but
it's because we bought them like that you get five for like 20 bucks so nice I like sales
especially on collectible little figures that's for sure all right before we get into the news
this week we do have a little bit of quick housekeeping as far as the show goes next week
very happy we're gonna be having a Gabriel and Brianna are gonna oh yeah awesome they're gonna
be back here next week with the sack IGDA oh great I'm gonna have to hear about how my you know yeah
you better you better work you got a week to go I've been working on it I just I can't get anything
done I'm in a block right now so so they're gonna be here to talk about the sack indie arcade which
is in two weeks so very excited to have them back on the show we'll catch up with them and ask
Gabriel about his own game that he's been making I'm crumpled and then in two weeks we will not
be here the week of April Fool's Day because I will be in Tucson and that's no joke I will be
out of town so I'm not gonna be able to be doing a show that week but we will be back the week after
that we will be doing something from the indie arcade I'm not sure if we're gonna be live or
if we're gonna do something taped we're still gonna figure that out hopefully I'll have an
answer for you next week and then we'll of course have our own show when we return on the 10th I
believe is the date so yeah there's that I also want to say a couple congratulations right here
there's some big big news here so first off a big big big congratulations to our buddy Brad
from pod culture because pod culture is hitting 500 episodes tomorrow the 500th episode of pod
culture is tomorrow here at the voice geeks network six o'clock pacific nine o'clock eastern
I know they just recorded it they recorded a bunch of episodes they had the whole gang
from their episodes prior kind of back together to do episode 500 so it sounds like it was a lot
of fun so I just want to say a big big congratulations to Brad and the whole gang at pod
culture um who of course is a big part of the voice geeks network but Brad has always been in
particular has always been a big champion for what we're doing here at orange launch radio as well as
some of my other side projects you know he hosted the website for horde house you know and he's
really helped out in a big way so um I think without his support there would be a lot of
differences in what you hear today so I'm very happy not a lot of podcasts make it to 500 episodes
so pod culture is now part of a very very exclusive club that probably only one percent or
maybe half of a percent of podcasts belong to so um a big big congrats to uh Brad and all the folks
over at pod culture on 500 episodes of that program again tomorrow six o'clock pacific nine
o'clock eastern but if you can't be here live tomorrow when it debuts uh you can check it out
in their podcast feed it'll go up later you know I haven't done the math yet but but before
originally if we hadn't skipped any shows episode 666 would fall on my birthday but I think since
we've skipped enough shows it may actually fall on halloween it may and if we skip some more it
may fall on christmas that's what I'm aiming for olr christmas episode 666 edition that's
what I'm aiming for and if we skip some more we can go to pinkberry instead
all right uh let's see so uh also I want to say this there's a lot of good news this week
one other congratulations then we'll get into the news our buddy yyr so uh we ran into him
at magfest we did the video interview and we uh and he's been on the show before talking about
multitasking right so multitasking went to steam greenlight and he's been trying to collect the
votes and you know it's not it sometimes feels like arbitrary what gets greenlit on steam and
what doesn't and it seems like sometimes a tough shell to crack well guess what multitasking got
greenlit this week yyr is a game multitasking which i think is brilliant by the way got the
pass on stream greenlight this week so that is going to be a game that you will soon be able to
pick up on steam well i don't know how soon but you know eventually blizzard soon trademark you
will be able to get on steam so thankfully hopefully not valve soon so now the question
is what's gonna what's gonna happen first multitasking or half-life 3 multitasking well
of course it's gonna be multitasking i mean the the earth will cease to exist before you know
half-life 3 comes out all right so yyr i want the exclusive news when you okay yyr says i will
announce it here oh good good good i'm excited awesome uh bobby blackwolf trying to cut us off
saying yyr is gonna swerve everyone and tell me first before olr how about this you can give
bobby the month and us the day how about that and then you have to listen to both shows to know
what the true release day is all right so big congratulations all around lots of good news
and it was a very very busy week in gaming news this week with game developers conference this
week typically not a media event but there was definitely some things that happened as well
way i think julian wants to pipe in before we get to the news this week did you want to you want to
pipe in with something i saw you raise your hand over there you all right no all right just
kicking back enjoying the news oh you're just stretching all right it's all good it's all good
i thought i thought you might have been saying oh i i got something to say that's all right
loki's gonna say something right now about what's going on in the news out of gdc all right so they
finally announced some details on the playstation vr including the release date ish area um you know
it's gonna be in october of this year as opposed to early in spring which was the original um
projected release date they also announced the price 399 dollars in the u.s 399 euro
or 349 pounds and 44 980 yen in japan and of course you know with that you're going to get
you know the headset and it's going to come with the free um playroom vr game and it will require
the playstation camera so you will need that and possibly move controllers for some of the games
now if you don't have all that stuff you can pre-order that now because they're taking
pre-orders on this brand new bundle it's going to include two move controllers the playstation
camera the playstation vr um also a packaged game playstation vr worlds which has a like five or
six different games in there it's kind of like a demo thing they've got the london heist uh that
street luge game and i can't remember the other ones i actually watched the video on that but i
don't remember uh so that'll be they're taking pre-orders on that starting on march 22nd
now if you own something you know if you were a an avid playstation supporter and
you know you picked up the move when everybody hated the move everybody hated on it no one
supported it but people actually hate the move because i seem to remember most people thinking
it was the best use of that like it was better than the wii technology it was i wasn't i don't
know it was all right but like it wasn't supported too well it didn't have the games and it didn't
wasn't supported too well playstation camera i picked up the playstation camera even though
there's not really many uses for it um i picked up those things and i am being rewarded by not
being able to unbundle this wonderful vr device there's a child i just want to point out a child
in the room tonight is incredibly restraining loki and this is kind of awesome so yes
unfortunately i am not able to um you know not because i mean i'm assuming that they will take
pre-orders eventually honestly i may just have to pre-order this bundle for now it just you know and
sell off the rest because i already own two playstation move controllers although i hear
those batteries go bad so maybe it wouldn't be a bad thing to get two new controllers
but i already have a camera so i don't need that playstation vr worlds is probably plan
to pick it up anyways because it looked pretty good but it kind of sucks that it's just you know
hey let's get an extra hundred dollars out of you i mean it's a good it's good value if you don't
own all that stuff but you know come on i mean people did support you maybe you should offer
that stuff separately as well it'd be nice to have both skews um and then of course i i thought
the headset is gonna be in stores you just can't pre-order it so yeah oh it's gonna be in stores
how many in stores exactly yeah how many in stores yeah i don't think i know how the game works
i used to work in that industry i know how it works i'm pre-ordering one of these and hey you
know what hey and that's the other thing too it's like if you do want pre-order it's 100 bucks down
too it's not those five dollars down you know nonsense it's a hundred dollars so yay thank you
gamestop and you'll be happy to know because i know this was your biggest concern about it
sony's not going to lose money on this they're actually going to make a profit off of each unit
sold well i am so glad for you sony that you're going to be making a profit thank you make a
profit off of those bundles and everything so okay well i guess that's important i still want
to get one i mean even despite all this anger you're like well it's no it's it's not anger
it's disappointment i mean because come on i was like you know because i went in there because
we're purchasing the figures i'm like hey you know i know they just announced this you guys
have a date when they're gonna take pre-orders on this before i read the news online and they said
yeah they're gonna have this bundle it's available and originally cakes i'm in gamestop and they're
like yeah we have this bundle that's gonna be you know 4.99 it comes with all this stuff i'm like
uh stupid gamestop bundling you know stuff together oh great you know this is typical of
them and i go i'm like oh it's everybody still stupid gamestop see i'm in this weird position
because all i have is the camera and i want playstation vr well i mean i have your move
but i'm gonna imagine you're gonna want that back well if they're working yeah i mean maybe i mean
if i if you end up getting suckered into buying a new one i guess there's that but um yeah it's
just like it's kind of like okay well i have the camera now i could probably run out and get a move
second hand before they're gone because i'm sure probably everybody's thinking that but then yeah
like can i guarantee that i can get the psvr by itself i don't know i imagine maybe at first it's
gonna be a little crazy but then what is i mean i'm excited about it and i'm like an early adopter
when it comes to hardware and stuff but maybe i am maybe i should wait i mean i don't know what
exactly is gonna be at launch i mean res looks cool i guess but is it worth paying 400 for it i
mean i don't know i mean i just have to kind of see what's out there and am i gonna be suckered
in the pain you know 500 for all this stuff and then it's like oh well this is just about as
supported as the move or the connect i mean i maybe i should wait i don't know we'll see i guess
i am excited about it i want to try it out um it's just i've tried out the oculus i tried out
the gear vr um they're okay but i mean i want to see the retail oculus because the gear vr is kind
of hard that i mean i thought it'd be slightly better but it's i'll have to try the vr well
what could i do with a second playstation camera lowkey nothing that can't do anything the
situation you're gonna sell it back to a store that's what you're gonna do or sell it on ebay
that's all you can do you should point them at each other yeah just let them watch recursive
playstation you can't there's nothing you can't plug it in there i mean it's just it's it's back
up side by side can i broadcast myself in 3d for other people's vr's you can't you can just you can
sit there and go yep i paid a hundred dollars extra for this thanks tiger klon chat says maybe
you can use it on your pc i kind of doubt that no it's a proprietary connection so no you're not
going to be using an rpc oh well uh we'll see what i do i don't know i have a little time to
decide what you're going to do what you're going to do i will get the vr thing eventually what
you're going to do is you're going to look at sony and go what what the hell sony i mean come on
i mean what the hell and that's what you're going to do and you just keep pitching a fit to them
until they finally make the good choice and offer multiple skews uh yeah and our chat is talking
about the cam and uh why we are saying really it's not usb and some folks saying nope nope it
is a proprietary high speed connection there so um i'm i'm still curious enough about the playstation
vr and i've liked what i've seen i want to get it it'll just kind of be you know am i going to end
up with a second camera because of it or what so i do hope there are other ways to kind of piecemeal
this that seems to be the right way you also need headphones because it does come with earbuds which
i why earbuds i mean come on just throwing a headphone in there sony you make headphones
do the playstation headsets work because i have that they they do work but i mean you're probably
going to want i don't know if you buy the bundle it comes with a stereo headset from sony i've got
a ton of sony headset or headphones so i mean i'm i'm good there but i have those official wireless
whatever whatever i have yeah i have the playstation 3 one um you know it's it's all
right those are pretty nice i will say this i do want to give sony props for this because as much
as it sounds like we're being critical in this segment because the pricing and everything i
actually do think this is really rad um is the fact that sony is supporting these old devices
because i think most companies out there would have done a new move like it would have worked
with the playstation 3 move they would have said oh you need this new one to play i kind of hope
that there is a new device i really honestly i don't think the move they're okay but like i
would be kind of cool like some haptic gloves or something or you know as bobby was saying you know
why aren't you supporting the nav controller with the analog stick on there because that doesn't
make any sense to me i wish they would have like a new controller with analog sticks on it and you
support the old ones sure by all means but come out with something new because i don't think that
this device that you created years ago is not necessarily going to fit all situations i think
something else needs to come about because you know look what they're doing with like the the
rift and the vive i mean i think the vive control looks pretty awesome and the rift one sounds
pretty cool so i think they just need to step it up because that's going to be a big problem
if the control's not good enough you're going to notice all right well uh let's go to a report on
something that could be coming to vr i want to point out not playstation vr necessarily this is
a different vr story but apparently a trailer was leaked for star wars trials on tatooine
something developed by lucas arts and ilm apparently something that's coming to the vive
there was a video that showed up on the ilm cross lab youtube channel but it was yanked shortly
thereafter however once it's on the internet it's always on the internet so you know somebody yanked
that and preserved it so there's the star wars trials on tatooine vr i mean it just it seems
like a natural fit star wars is a huge property everybody loves it they're doing something with
star wars battlefront exactly so they've got it they got to do something with star wars and vr so
this is not a surprise whatsoever i'm just yeah i guess i guess the playstation vr will have
battlefront this might be something a little more unique to the pcs or something we'll see
so uh that's pretty cool also uh other stuff uh ubisoft is going to be bringing a popular
role-playing party game to virtual reality it's called werewolves within uh this is the game this
this is the wolf game in vr basically uh you can assume the role of villagers in a medieval village
and you have to deduce which one is the werewolf that is terrorizing the town randomly players are
given abilities that help them to figure this out um this so this is the wolf game in vr a game that
we're used used to playing in real life at conventions where we're all sitting in front
of each other is now in vr kind of weird in a way but at the same time this would open it up to the
fact that you could play when you're not able to physically be in the same location you can actually
play across a great distance so that's kind of neat um i suppose now the question is is bobby
going to stay up till five in the morning playing this game at a case because that's what he used to
do at dragon con so anyway uh bobby blackwolf actually says as someone who played that game
a lot irl it defeats the purpose um sg100 matt says still waiting for clue vcr vr and bobby
brings up another point too is the problem is you have to be able to read facial expressions
that is that is really important in a game like where you have to like you have to be able to
read somebody's face and know if they're lying and maybe vr is not going to let you do that we'll see
but uh ubisoft is going to try so that is something to look forward to on vr moving on
with some more news dark sakura a little thing about poking tournament actually um now whenever
you're playing a game online one of the worst things is that when you're totally doing awesome
and the other person just up in rage quits yep like i can't beat you so i'm just not going to
give you the satisfaction of winning that's my life in grand theft of four yeah well there's
supposed to be consequences for rage quitting in poke and tournament um there is an in-game
advisor named nia who gives you the ins and outs and then tells you that before your online battles
that and i'm quoting quitting in the middle of the battle is rude to your opponent and you'll
suffer a penalty so please please refrain from doing so so basically if you disconnect you will
lose some of your pokey gold which is what you use to buy stuff good because you know they should
should lose like limbs off their pokemon then they have to fight like the next like 20 matches
super handicapped you know that announcer she she's kind of annoying i don't know the voice
acting isn't the really the best but uh like yyr says in the chat over at live.vog network.com
poking tournament straight up warned you the first time you enter a ranked match that there
are penalties if you quit and yeah that's very true uh it actually will come up and say please
please don't quit because there are penalties for doing so so um good you got to take it that's
right take that loss if you are not a winner you're a loser in poking tournament if you quit
kanye west is going to come to your house and kill you no he's just going to talk about himself
while you're trying to see he'll just tweet at you repeatedly that's they should just have
rosette come in there for no reason whatsoever just like lecture you even though he is from
animal cross i don't care does it matter because it's nintendo platform yeah that yeah well excuse
mr we said he shows up and he yells at you for an hour and then lyle comes to sell you insurance
actually i would say it's his long-lost brother mr disconnecty so what they'll happen what happens
they'll put rosette in there people complain oh he's not a pokemon character and then pokemon
company's like well we just made him one suck it and then there you go done he's reset him on
they could just couldn't they just repurpose diglett or something to look like rosette i
don't know all right no but i'm going to point out right now that this child is insane
he was trying to break dance right here in your living room for sometimes you got dance
something yeah sometimes sometimes when dark sakura goes on and on and on i have to dance
to get my mind off it so dance to the bathroom all right what what did you want to say about that
i welcome to the mic go ahead i wasn't trying to break dance i don't even like to dance do you
hey i'm doing some sort of gymnastic kind of thing do you do you know how dark sakura myself
and loki do you know how we all met do you know how he met dancing that's true fake dancing we
used to play a video game called dance dance revolution have you ever heard of it yeah oh
yeah you see yeah it's over it is over here it's on the little poster here he's seen the ddr have
you ever played it have you ever seen it talking to the mic don't forget to talk in the mic when
you say um i've heard it i think i might have seen it uh-huh but i've never played it okay well
someday you're gonna have to play it it's really stupid it's really really very fun but fun but
really fun isn't there like um things on the screen like little objects and then there's
squares they have to like arrows um like arrows on the screen you have to jump almost you got it
really dancing it's walk walk step step step step it's not even dancing walk i just walk press that
can i can i just point something out this is episode number 635 of orange lounge radio okay
on and i want people can this go on the wiki please episode 635 is when the cast of orange
lounge radio got told by an eight-year-old dance dance revolution isn't really dancing
julian dear you know what no he's absolutely right you know what what we know
it's a game but you can my mom told me about that
it's how you step on this it is an indirect cousin of spider stomp
thank you julie yeah you're right ddr isn't really dancing but it's it's still kind of fun
it's kind of a sometimes sometimes you don't care but do you do you know that we used to play that
in front of the whole arcade and people will walk in and they would see us not dancing and think
those guys are very strange that's it seems really embarrassing i don't sometimes we didn't care we
didn't care we we just you just we're having fun and then there was the time that we sat down and
ate birthday cake in front of the fourth mix machine we went there for my birthday you know
and ate cake on the floor sometimes you get to a point in your life where you just stop
caring what other people think because i'm gonna have a good time and i don't care if other people
have a problem with it the sooner you do that the better you're off that's right yeah that's right
so if other kids tell you you're not cool but you're having fun doing what you're doing
forget them you know how do we get from talking about video games to this because you said it
looks embarrassing how do we get anywhere so julian next time someone gives you a hard time
you just go so that's uh that's what we do here on orange launch radio supposedly we talk about
video games and then suddenly we're talking about cake it just it just happens suddenly for some
cake me too suddenly becomes a 90s after school special all right anyway all right so after that
magic moment on the fullest house here at orange londredo uh let's move on i tried watching some
of that it made me cry out of what am i doing with my life yeah right all right i love this
sg100 matt says julian's trying to correct the derailment on the show i know right he's too
young to realize that that's not going to happen that's okay that's okay all right let's move on
we got more news loki so playstation view actually was something that finally got released widely in
the united states i actually signed up for it because i don't have cable well i have cable tv
what's comcast to me you're paying for like twenty dollars for local channels and hbo which
i don't watch for some reason um but this is awesome so this is actually basically all the
cable channels that you could possibly want 30 bucks is what it starts off as you can pay more
if you want you know the movie channels and all that stuff supports um but basically it streams
to your you know playstation 3 playstation 4 also i believe it supports the amazon fire
and other devices um it's not bad actually i'm quite digging it and um you know being that i've
you know basically cut you know comcast i mean i'm not i have comcast cable right now but it's
only because it's getting the internet a lot cheaper with that although the internet ended
up being a lot slower because the english as a second language guy didn't explain the benefits
of the package very well so um yeah it's it's definitely worth it you can actually record shows
you can go back and see the on-demand stuff um definitely we're checking out if you're kind of
cutting you know cable out and starts at 30 bucks you know and plus you get seven days free so you
get to check it out for seven days and so far so good that's awesome yeah this is why comcast locks
people into deals now yeah they do for a year and like that's the thing is like the guy this
is literally and i wish i had like a recording of the call and i know they do but i just it's too
late now um it's you know he's like oh yeah this you know you'll get some cable it'll be basic
cable channels but you'll also get you know faster internet speed because i knew this was originally
when my internet was speed was just crap it was just awful and since i've switched to that plan
it just gotten worse and worse and worse ironically though i did kind of figure out what
part of that problem was um i ended up moving my router into the living room instead of in the
bedroom and oh hey look at that internet speeds are six times faster now who'd have thought um so
that did fix part of it but i'm still not getting the speeds that i was promised and you know it's
not hd but this is all in hd you get you know the streaming everything it's all the really cable
channels that you're gonna want anyways if you don't you're not interested in like the
local channels i mean so comedy central food network all that stuff i mean that's
that's all i watch so it's awesome yeah i i would check this out if i wasn't locked into the
comcast thing but i don't know i'm gonna i'm gonna see if i can't get out of the comcast thing because
i kind of think i was lied to with some certain things on that but i'll save that for another
episode anyhow let's move on with something that leaked out of uh the game developers conference
maybe and that is this infamous photo that's floating around out there of a nintendo nx
controller so apparently the nintendo nx controller what it looks like has been leaked
there's a little picture of it out there and it does line up with what was seen in a patent
that was published um in december of 2015 by several media outlets so yeah an nx controller
you know it makes sense that one of these is actually leaked um out of gdc because they're
probably you know trying to meet with some people to um show them you know hey this is what these
devices look like and all that stuff and how to develop for that um but uh you know some people
also at the same time are skeptical the thing that concerns me about what i'm seeing with this
is that i can't tell if those buttons are tactile or not and that really concerns me i think they
are i think there's two there's like an a and b that are tactile yeah and i think the projection
of the screen or whatever is backlit underneath them so that the buttons are still tactile
i can't tell and i know nobody from nintendo listens to the show but if they did i can't tell
you how important a tactile button is there is a reason games like sonic the hedgehog are not fun
to play on iphone and android because the touch controls are not the same as having tactile
buttons so that is my biggest beef otherwise i'm like okay i'll try this i'm not the the shape is
really weird but i'm i'm curious to see what they do with it the software is more important
uh you know in how it uses the hardware uh but it better have tactile buttons or i mean nintendo
just shot themselves in the foot big time as far as i'm concerned i'm i will not i mean this is i
know it might just sound like i'm i'm being a jerk or whatever but i'm not buying it if it's
only touch screen buttons that's not a fun experience that's how i feel i agree i like
buttons loki you're dying to say something i i i don't think it's real and if it is real it's
it's awful it's abs no seriously it's awful think about it i mean what are they attempting to do
with this is this supposed to be like the screen is the controller because my hand is on the
controller it's gonna be obstructing the screen what is the point of it it's super tight it's
like i'm playing on a gameboy micro or something like that what is the point of this and you know
because of this tech because whatever it is that they're using for this supposed screen
is proprietary it's gotta cost some amount of money that's ridiculous what's the point in
having more expensive controllers for this device it's just a gimmick it doesn't make any sense
i think it's fake i hope it's fake it's just i don't see the point and if it's just these
two analog sticks and two buttons i don't think that's going to be enough i just don't see the
point it's just like the wii u controller the second screen idea was okay but they haven't
really still used it to they haven't really used it in a way that makes sense now even most
developers like with minecraft coming out they didn't even use it for like you inventory or
things so what makes me confident in the fact that publishers or developers are going to use
this in a meaningful way i just don't see that happening it just looks like a gimmick and it's an
expensive gimmick uh there's a lot of people in our chat room that thinks it's fake but i think
this comment is interesting from kai judo in our chat over at live.vognierware.com saying
i don't know if nintendo shot themselves in the foot i wonder if touch controls work better for
kids i think us older gamers spent decades on a gamepad so it feels weird to us i think kids will
have an easier time well fortunately for you kai judo i have somebody in the room that can give
some insight to that julian so do you like games that have like real buttons or are you okay when
they're like fake ones on the screen you can tap the touch buttons do you do you have an opinion
do you think one's better than the other what do you mean by on this like in minecraft on the
minecraft pocket edition how the buttons are on screen when you play minecraft on there like the
buttons aren't something you actually touch but like on this and i'm showing him a playstation
3 controller on this the buttons are real and you touch them and i just turned on my playstation 3
showing the platformer for example what do you think do you think one's better than the other
because what what we're saying what we're arguing about is me i think this this is the way to do it
you have to have real buttons and i think when you're using a pad like that you don't get that
same experience but one of our listeners says kids might feel differently what do you think julian
um my opinion my opinion is that um it's still okay on the um when you can do it on the screen
but it's a lot easier talking real with it's but it's a lot easier with real buttons and
my opinion is it's a lot better like that ah and he pointed at the playstation 3 controller so
there you go the official child of the official child compare perspective i mean honestly just
looking at look at this i mean i understand that they did um patent this or whatever came up with
a patent for this but what's the point like i mean seriously how are you going to be holding
this controller what's the point if you're going to have the screen extend all the way the edge
you're not going to see it your hands are on the control you have to hold the controller somehow
i mean it's there's no point to it why waste the screen space why waste the cost of the device
that's why i think it's fake it's a neat idea and maybe it's like you know this is just a generic
controller we drew up for the patent which by all means i think that makes more sense but
i just don't see the point in a design like that i'm gonna play devil's advocate here for a minute
i think ultimately it really boils down to what are the games but here's the thing is that i
notice on this device at the top there's this type of infrared looking thing so it probably
communicates with the we in a similar fashion to like how your wiimote does well if that's the case
and that's facing you the infrared thing is facing well what about this little square thing that
could be one of those things that goes all the way around looks like there's a there looks like
there's a camera facing the player and then there's two speakers my point is maybe some games
you don't hold the controller in a standard way maybe you're actually holding the controller like
this you don't have your thumbs on the sticks and you're actually doing some type of motion
thing so you can see everything i'm just being devil's advocate is that maybe the controller
isn't held the same way in every game what were you say julian um or um like in iron man's
iron man 3 you tilt the screen to move so yeah like using a tilt thing to move
okay julian knows i'm talking about why don't you all right listen with nintendo games okay
nintendo games have come out you know for the last decade or so has the complaint ever been
gee i really wish there was more ways to interact with this game there has never been that complaint
it's never been oh i really wish i had this second screen because this really provides a unique
experience they don't use it in a way that's meaningful why do i want them to continue doing
this and now with a controller that makes even little sense in how you operate it's got limited
buttons so that's really going to limit you on what you can do with it forget those third-party
games you just basically rule them out now because you don't have those extra buttons that you're
going to be able to play you know fifa or whatever else that they're going to be pouring to it forget
battlefield or anything else coming to this platform because they don't have the buttons to
support that yeah okay they'll sell a separate controller for it but why am i buying a separate
controller for that i have like the wii u gamepad it's great and what it is but guess what it has a
screen in the middle and there's actual buttons that makes sense it doesn't make sense to extend
that screen all the way inside because my hands are on the screen they're holding the controller
it doesn't make any sense to do that there is no reason to do that dungeon buster and chat over at
live.vognetwork.com says aw julian's witnessing his first loki rant it's not full rant listen
let's be real he's having to reserve himself a slight bit if you don't it's a pg rant all right
so anyway um all right it's look in three months we'll know three months till e3 and then we will
finally we'll know what the deal is with the stinking system in the meantime it's a rumor
exactly and brad brad is saying you know they do use the wii u screen i practically only use that
controller to stream mario kart 2 yes it's great as a second screen it's great to stream the game
onto that screen now imagine that screen the size of a gameboy micro because that's what they're
trying to sell you here it's like something that's really tiny instead of that nice screen
here's what people okay and to answer my question i posed earlier because i do have the answer for
it what do people what do people want from a nintendo console really what possible improvements
could they have make it more beefier so they can run the games that other consoles have so that we
can actually have some third-party support because that was the problem before so your console is
underpowered and it can't support these modern games that's what we need we don't need another
gimmicky control method it was cool with the wii it was cool with the wii u stop adding new method
it's not making these games any better if anything it's just finding a new gimmick and people use it
and that's it it doesn't add any meaningful gameplay to it make the games stand out and
speak the new zelda game looks awesome that is what you sell your console with not with oh look
i'm gonna have this unique controller it doesn't do anything make the games good people will buy
your console all right dr buster says also please understand it's only a prototype so i like i said
three months we'll know in three months stop innovating and just copy others no i'm not saying
that they're not innovating but really you think shrinking on the screen like that to the point
where it's covering your hands are covering they're not innovating they're copying those
they're basically it's a tablet controller maybe you need to lose some weight in your hands maybe
you need oh you're right let me just shrink down my hands let me just readjust the size of my hands
say i'll have little child hands like trump and then that way i'll be able to use that device
all right that's really who they're designing it for
for some reason the system is orange uh who go figure all right and it has a fake top
over here all right moving on the dark sakura save us from the land of loki rants quick
something that i want very much is going to be out on uh a steam on the day before my birthday
on december i'm sorry april 18th why does it say december dan ganronpa 2 goodbye despair will be
out which um it was already out in japan um in 2012 for the vita and then it came out in the
u.s in september 2014 on vita but since i think that dan ganronpa the first game has done so well
on steam that we're going to be getting the second one and um in addition to that i'm sure that most
fans of the series already know this but they're going to wrap up the hopes peak academy storyline
with an anime instead and then in the vein of ultra despair girls which is kind of a spin-off
game actually it's more like events that happen in between the first and second game um there's
going to be a v3 coming out that's going to be uh i guess in a hotel that's trapped beside a
inside a cage with new characters all new characters for that one so um yeah have you
already pre-ordered well i put it on my wish list i'm sure i'm sure birthday clause will bring it
for you we'll see it's just it's just it's just it's just after your birthday just after the day
before the day before yeah but but two days after my repeat my earlier birthday i see party all
right which that'll be fun i'm gonna call that party just relive the past i'm looking forward
to that by the way yes i everybody in this room hopefully will be there i should be there loki
i've been uh i've been bookmarking today to make it happen all right while we uh eagerly await dark
soccer's birthday let's travel around the world and check out some release dates starting with
the us loki um so this week we've got uh trackmania turbo coming out on playstation 4
and xbox one um sebastian lobe rally evo on playstation 4 and xbox one republic on playstation 4
and hyrule warriors legends on 3ds will be coming out on friday as well and that's it
all right well traveling over to japan and checking out the releases in japan this week
on march 24th dark souls 3 hits the playstation 4 and uh i know several people are looking forward
to this dead or alive extreme 3 comes out uh this coming week and of course there's a regular
edition and a collector's edition and all that good stuff uh nobu naga no yabu sozou
senkoku orishi rin comes out this week uh from koe and then a game called psycho pass sentaku
naki kofuku comes out in a regular and limited edition so uh i'm not sure what psycho pass is
but um it has kind of an interesting cover to it looks like it might be a game full of intrigue
and mystery we'll see um going over to the Wii U we don't really have anything on the
Wii U until april really when starfox zero is out so it's pretty quiet over there
but the playstation vita also has dead or alive extreme 3 venus comes out in regular and
collector's edition uh and hatsune miku project diva x is out this week so i bet some of our
listeners are excited about that uh it's always fun to see a new hatsune miku game come out and
there's also an accessory set i guess for the playstation vita if you want to check that out
nobu naga no yabu and psycho pass which i mentioned earlier also out on the vita vita
and then there's a game called tokyo zanadu sakura matsuri package comes out this week as well i
think that is just a repackaging of a prior released game probably a price reduction and
then lastly on the 3ds this week dragon quest monsters joker 3 uh and then dobutso no mori
happy home designer a special amiibo set is out the game's already out over there it's just this
is a special amiibo i know but oh is it the one that we already got over here that has no this
one actually has an isabel amiibo like a full amiibo not just a card well right mine came with
isabel and um and uh digby digby it came with uh isabel and no but that's you're thinking the um
um uh wii u game the the oh no this is the 3ds game the 3ds one okay yeah i got the one that
had the reader okay and then uh that is it that is what's out this week so um over in our chat
over at live dot vog network dot com uh some folks pointing out that psycho pass is an anime and
rama says psycho pass is an amazing anime so um and i trust him because he's the host of anime
jam session when i first thought psycho pass was like psycho pass you're first a psycho and then
you pass psychonus psycho pass what that's sometimes where we end up at the end of an
episode of orange lounge radio believe it's like we've gone past that point of going completely
psycho the game was made exactly for this channel how about our uk releases yeah yeah we'll get to
i just i just want to say real quick though one thing you have to understand about this game
julian it's japanese and they have some weird stuff in japan no no offense we've got some
awesome we've got some weird stuff in the u.s yeah that's right they look at some of our stuffs
like how did japan make a giant lizard attacking tokyo radiation julian who knows who knows
somebody probably probably taking some pills the doctor said they shouldn't take that's how i'm
thinking that's what i'm thinking it happened recreational pharmacy that's right and they made
some weird made super weird things in super myo galaxy one and two you know what julian yes they
did yes they did julian which reminds me i still need to show julian um georgia oh yeah educate him
on japanese horror movies the age of eight no it was the the sentai series that we were watching
oh it was like the animals and minecraft world why did i think why did in my head i hear juan
well thinking you want to show him the grudge he can see when he's 11 all right
we'll pour some beers and watch some japanese horror movie all right he's 11 uk releases
dark saga i don't get interested in watching any horror movie you're not interested in horror
movies no i don't like him either they sound horrible they do yeah they sound horrible
all right on the 24th we have um samaras three on mac and pc on the 28th we have adrift for pc
gunjack for pc and pinball ethics 2 vr for pc
oh yeah um and then nope the other one's the week after that so never mind all right just a couple
more stories for you guys than the classic game of the week and then a break but loki first
oh this sounds like a wonderful idea so there's a rumor that sony is making a more powerful
playstation a like playstation four and a half or whatever uh it's going to feature a new gpu
that would support 4k resolution um also would assist with vr performance and would be backwards
compatible with the playstation 4 why why playstation playstation four and three quarters
exactly the kid's got a point how where do we draw the line then there's going to be playstation
four and five eighths you know how what what where does this end i just don't see the point
why fragment the you know the whole platform but whatever i mean it and if it isn't mean if all
games are gonna run on both systems then what's the point it runs it better i mean i just don't
see i don't know it just i i don't know like i again i i kind of feel like nintendo's kind of
done this to an extent they just put the different names on the consoles but like is it a 4.5 because
it's actually going to be fully backwards compatible with playstation 4 games um and
maybe playstation 5 or whatever they're designing well here's what i'm thinking you know if it
supports like 4k resolutions and stuff like that that's kind of cool i guess but once again that's
i mean i don't know 4k tvs aren't really widely adopted yet that's kind of like jumping on to the
3d gaming bandwagon oh they did that too that's right that's right they were trying to push
stereoscopic 3d you know with their their headsets and stuff vr at least hopefully will do better i
hope but i i just i don't know bobbie is pointing out that yes it is to make better vr games and
allow 4k gaming and yeah i've heard the whole thing about the 4k gaming as well and and
certainly the the boost to vr make those games look better but still it's the whole fact that
it's kind of like going to be it's the same thing we're talking about the xbox one last week but at
this i i guess to be fair if they just called it the playstation 5 would we be having these issues
sure but why do i have to buy a new system to make the vr games better
it's it's your platform make your vr technology better then i mean maybe this should should we
wait a little longer for this to be released because like i understand if you're saying
that the hardware can't do it then maybe you should have put some extra gpu's or shit
oh stuff in the um actual you know little device thing the breakout box that they have maybe there
should have been some actual processing power in there because if this can't handle it if we
got to put on another system to be able to handle this this peripheral i'm paying 500 for thank you
very much i mean what's the point i'll buy a pc at that point if i have to keep upgrading to keep
you know up with the actual console games that's a pc that's a pc at that point that's why i don't
play on pc mostly because i have to keep upgrading my specs to be able to play the new games i'm
supposed to avoid that with consoles but now here we are yeah yeah julian what do you want to say
why are you are you not allowed to say bad words around me i've already seen freaking die hard
well yippee ki-yay motherfucker ladies ladies and gentlemen my son
i mean if you really want to do that if you really do you really are we turning this up
to 10 i mean is that that's because it's we've had this discussion before becky and i yes that if you
make using adult language something that's taboo it's just going to make them want to do it all
the more you make no big deal out of it and as we can see julian is it a big deal
um it's not really a big deal as long as you don't say it a bunch like like at school you
don't want to say the f word unless you break your whole leg i think that's an allowable excuse
that would be an allowable time to drop an f-bomb but you see sometimes on this program loki will
use the f word sometimes i do too we use it a lot we use it a lot so you know i lost count
and die hard around 30 door did you try to count that's that's uh it's pretty impressive there
might be some website telling you how many f words they there aren't die hard
ah love it uh yeah and that's julian's favorite christmas movie by the way our chatters right now
they love you i just want you to know they look they think die hard counts as a christmas movie
because then i would just watch it on christmas every single year yeah you should watch it on
christmas every single year although my favorite christmas movie is gremlins all right oh my gosh
okay but i just want you to know the chatters you're one of the favorite guests they've ever
had seen on the show i just want you to know that like i'm not making that up you come over here
yourself they love you so all right uh wow i feel so happy
all right that's why i say at the end of every episode all right
one other uh quick story here on bravely second uh bravely second and lair uh is uh the sequel
to bravely default on the nintendo ds and of course they've made some changes uh with bravely
second for the us release one of the big things is that they changed uh they changed this uh
subclass i think that was the tomahawk is what it was called before but it kind of appropriated some
native american culture that may have been insensitive here in this so they changed it
into a different class that uh takes a little more from cowboys so uh they did that that's one
big change but they also did some changes to side quests and apparently in the japanese version of
the game sometimes you would do side quests and the endings may not be so good like some bad
things may happen and you might kind of regret doing the side quests well uh what they ended
up doing is they actually changed these endings for the u.s audiences and now people are saying
oh you dumbed it down you lightened it up for the u.s and so forth well so far to the point
where nintendo actually put out a statement saying when the game was released in japan
each side quest would end with the team lamenting the decision they made regardless of the player's
decision this was intended to help players empathize with the character situation
but overwhelming feedback from players indicated that they felt an unsatisfying disconnect between
their intentions and the character's reactions in response these side quest endings were amended to
show the party readily coming to terms with their actions in a manner that does not cause the player
undue regret for their decisions these changes do not affect the gameplay so in other words sometimes
bad things happen and you have to deal with it but they're trying to give it a good good ending here
yeah julian what you mean by bad endings do you mean like you did this side quest so bad and
horribly your brother's head gets chopped up or something well something like that something
actually something like that now see we don't know because they don't want to spoil it because
if you were to say what happens you're kind of spoiling the story right that's like why when
you talk about star wars episode 7 there's one thing you don't talk about and that's what happens
in the last 15 minutes right you don't talk about that with people who haven't seen it so i think
it's kind of like that where they don't want to spoil it so we don't exactly know what happens
we just know it's bad so yeah somebody's brother probably gets it
speaking of julian julian have you seen the star wars movie you probably have seen the star wars
movie this is what happens i haven't seen it thank you for spoiling it spoiling julian if
you want to see an example of a bad ending tell your mom to shoot the annoying uh kid on top of
the citadel oh that's a bad ending mass effect well there is um ways to kill it you shoot the
machine that destroys all um synthetics okay hold on you don't don't ruin mass effect because
bobby blackwolf still hasn't played it so that's okay i understand i understand sometimes i want
to spoil it too because it's been like seven years and you didn't say that all right that's why i
phrased it the way that i did it pretend i did not say that pretend i didn't say it you're good
you're good you're good if you haven't played it by now all right all right anyway uh there
so there you go there's some changes happening in a bravely second and uh for better for worse
there it is they're they're having to defend it all right let's take a trip down memory lane shall
we every week every week here on the program uh dark sakura steps into the gaming vault to find
a game that hey you guys should respect this this is a classic game of the week and remember folks
the rules on what makes a classic game of the week is that a jamie has to like it or at least
want to acknowledge it b it has to be at least 10 years old yeah so remember the game the dark
soccer is picking tonight is 10 years old it's exactly 10 years old as of today this game is
older than julian you can believe it so all right so dark soccer dark soccer's picked one tonight
that is exactly 10 years old and get ready because brace yourselves for the groans that are about to
come from the chat room when they realize get ready to feel ancient gamers years old dark
sakura what is the classic game of the week the elder scrolls for oblivion yes oblivion is 10
years old as of today um like it's uh the game that came after it skyrim uh this is an action
a role-playing video game developed by bethesda um it is the fourth game in the elder school series
following uh morrowind and preceding skyrim as i just said and um it actually was released for in
march 2006 actually on this day in 2006 for windows and for the xbox 360 and
it had uh some content expansions there were shivering aisles and it had a game of the year
edition and also included nights of of the nine with it in 2007 and there was a fifth anniversary
version in 2011 and i bought it on steam for two dollars because that's what they do with games
when there's a newer version so basically um it it focuses on a cult um called mythic dawn
that's trying to open the gates to the realm of oblivion and so it's very open world you can
do things to improve your skills or um you know develop other abilities that you have um
and this game actually took a while to develop it started in 2002 right after morrowind um was
released and they have a lot smarter npc's in fact the npc's can make choices and have different
complex behaviors by using what they call the radiant ai system um it was uh you know one of
the other good things about this too is that it had some pretty nice voice work in it i mean
as far as um voice actors that you had in this you had and let me get back to the list because
i know it had patrick stewart in it linda carter and i think sean bean in a non-dying role
i think so you know one of those little uh unicorn of a role for him you know kind of
like silent hill was um because he didn't die in silent hill um but it was really just you know
meant to be a lot more immersive um it had uh some pretty i'd say you know for 2006 it had really
good graphics it had a new interface um hdr lighting a longer draw distance um
at its time it was really on the edge of you know pushing everything sort of how
skyrim was when it came out um of course you know a month later there were things that did
more but uh the game there's really not too much else i can say about it because you've either
played it or played games like it or you haven't um but it was uh i'd say about as epic when it
came out of skyrim was when it came out and uh definitely you know building on a very big uh
mythology behind uh what had already been established in the season um i'm sorry in the
series um it got a rating of um actually it initially got a rating of t for teen and then it
went to um a mature rating uh due to content that was not in the initial esrb review um
the actual quote on here says the presence in the pc version of the game of a locked out art file
that if accessed by um by using an apparently unauthorized third-party tool allows the user
to play the game with topless versions of female characters you know what modding happens that was
a really big deal when that happened though because it was like wait a minute the game makers
didn't intend for this to happen but because there was an actual female figure on the disc they had
to do the rating even though it wasn't intended to be seen in the game well and on top of that
it was also super blown out of proportion and sensationalized by most of the major media at
that point because what they neglected to say is that it was not regularly accessed uh uh game
content that you had to use a tool to get that sort of like the hot coffee thing you know in
grand theft auto whichever one that was four right three actually right san andreas or sanders so at
any rate um i figured that i would push the line and pick a really good game that came out exactly
a year ago today 10 years ago whatever i can't number rob geez um it came out 10 years ago today
to number one to make everyone it was a must-have on 360 too it was it really was uh it wasn't
quite a launch title but since nobody could get an xbox 360 when they first came out it pretty
much was a launch title so um yeah and uh let's see jim sally says yes oblivion made me lose my
job i wore i wore out my right stick leveling my health magic to 100 oblivion was stupidly addictive
and fun great choice for an old game review i just the world was so vast and i just remembered that
was really one of the first games because i didn't really get into morrowind so oblivion was really
one of the first games where i felt like i could just go anywhere i i'm just i'm gonna go into this
cave just because it can and i'm just gonna i'm gonna mess some stuff up in this cave and find
like maybe a potion for doing it all well but you remember what this paved the way for though is
that by the time we got to skyrim we already had this expectation of what can we do yeah so we
collected cabbages and rolled them down a hill which was awesome totally awesome i can't wait
for elder scrolls 6 that's all i'm saying yeah you know though i am curious though going just
touching a little bit on skyrim yeah you remember how someone used the uh like a cheat code to get
past the barriers and you could actually travel into morrowind and some of the other uh oh yeah
areas around and i wonder if the next game would actually be expansive enough you can travel
through the various we'll see areas of that's creepy time will tell that is creepy in the
meantime anything there it is your classic game of the week 10 years old today i was looking at
loki's thing the elder scrolls 4 oblivion just the way the light was catching the lenses on the vr
thing uh-huh i was like oh my god that just creeped me out like a lot all right i'm gonna
go run away now all right that's all right we're gonna take a quick break anyway uh we have to take
a break um i don't know if are you guys staying around for the next part or probably taking off
here pretty soon i don't know so um given the fact that he's turning circles through the room
i think it might be about time to get him home that's all right but i want well i want to make
sure that julian wave julian julian before you go stop spinning for a minute come grab the mic
come grab this he made himself so dizzy he passed out sometimes i want to do that after an episode
of well are too sometimes i just get that way you know when i get up out of bed yeah all right
julian didn't talk to the microphone goober come come on the microphone real quick so we can say
bye um julie wait grab that grab that one your mom's got so uh thank you for being here julian
you're gonna come back sometime um yeah it's really fun yeah it's pretty fun huh can you
believe we've been doing this every week for 14 years in june we've been doing this for 14 years
wow yeah i know that's what i say too all right well julie if i was seven year old i would say
that was seven times two 14. i know i know but then then then you have to make all our listeners
do math and that's kind of dangerous um but i thank you for being here all right well thank
you for being here the listeners loved you and uh we'll see you again sometime okay julian okay all
right we'll keep checking in with you and see what games are awesome that maybe we're not playing
right now all right so uh we're gonna take a quick break everybody while we uh get more water and all
that stuff uh your calls coming up at one eight seven seven excuse me squared by four equals
greatness what i'll write that down one i don't know one eight seven seven game olr or username
on skype orange lounge radio rapid fire news the frugal question of the week emails all when we
come back with more of orange lounge radio right after this welcome back everybody to orange lounge
radio live tonight with episode number 635 of our show in progress for this march the 20th of
2016 and of course uh if you're just joining us then you missed a fun filled first half of
the show where we had um we had uh julian who is an eight-year-old gamer here on the program
uh son of dark soccer's bestie becky who's also been on the show before so and that was a lot of
fun of her labor yes and the listeners loved it and it was great hearing his perspective and his
opinions on die hard and so forth um we're going to continue on though however as we usually do
and get you guys onto the show um unfortunately uh we did send julian home uh because you know
we the show runs till nine o'clock which can be a little bit late and also uh it's probably for
the best that we don't let you guys talk to him i'm just messing all right but we will uh we will
talk to you guys a little later when we open up the skype line at one eight seven seven game olr
or our username on skype orange lounge radio all right let's move on with some rapid fire news and
quickly talk about some other gaming highlights for the week loki so apparently j.j abrams is
still working on movies for portal and half-life um they're underway i guess and apparently they've
got writers and they're working on both of the stories but nothing exciting to announce so far
so i guess those movies will probably come out before the next half-life game
it's too bad but hey maybe if the movies you know get more hype in those series then
that might motivate them to work a little harder on it i guess we'll have to see you
uh so this is kind of cool um simon pegg has been asked to or is in talks to join the movie
adaption of ready player one which i can't wait to see and of course that's supposed to be coming
out now oh man it was supposed to come out christmas of 2017 but now it's march 30th of
2018 whatever i'll wait an extra three months but um yeah i can't wait to check that out
hopefully uh i don't know which character he'd be playing oh ogden morrow okay i could see that
um and then finally um they're gonna be putting out some new xbox one controllers and some new
colors they've got this uh dusk shadow which it's like a copper shadow and dusk shadow so
it's kind of a black that fades to blue or you know a copper color and those are available
and they are going to be ten dollars more expensive than the regular controllers
why apparently this is great because it's i love it when developers do this or publishers you can
only get the copper shadow model at game stop and the dust shadow well that's going to be a best buy
so um otherwise if you wait into um if you want to get it anywhere else throughout the world that's
going to be coming out in april you know i gotta say though those um controllers are gorgeous
like i don't know about the whole like wow it's 10 more dollars but the controllers are really
good looking i got it probably the copper one yeah i actually really like the blue one that's
fun i actually got to replace my one of my playstation 4 controllers because it's all
the bright analog sticks is all derpy and shit that's that's the one that my two-year-old son
gets he gets the derped controller because he doesn't actually play the games anyways
there you go he just shadows along yeah all right to register participation for this week's episode
of orange on treaty with bognetwork.com use the passphrase unit uh let's move on and talk about
splatoon and splatfest uh apparently there have been some changes to splatfest so even though you
know uh there were supposed to be no more major updates to splatoon there are still some little
minor tweaks coming and uh in the latest splatfest the vibe meter now has your splatfest power and
the splatfest power level depends on your ranked battle rank and your splatfest power level will
change as you win or lose during splatfest the player with the highest splatfest power on the
winning team gets a slightly larger boost to their power than their teammates after the match
also until now the splatfest matchmaking would favor groups with similar play styles
but players will now be more likely to play with those of similar splatfest power level
the higher the average splatfest power level the more splatfest points that you will get
what happens though if that power level goes over 9000 well then just paint explosions everywhere
like a dirty porno all right uh anyhow this could have been a thing but it wasn't you know the game
demon's crest which is by the way awesome i don't know if you've ever played it was like an old
school gameboy game uh anyhow apparently uh renegade kid was a company and the founder uh
jewels watson actually mentioned on twitter that they pitched a gameboy advanced port of
demon's crest to capcom years back but nothing ever became became of it and uh capcom did explain
that the super nintendo version just didn't sell enough units to make it a viable proposition
oh that's unfortunate because that game was awesome but you know speaking of the gameboy
advance huh 10 year anniversary is tomorrow is it really i guess that makes sense dang
now we can start adding that into the classic game of the week pool
uh also and lastly for me tonight uh apparently there's a psa out there that uh if you're
interested i'm sorry 15 you know obviously 15 year anniversary i was gonna say i thought gba
was long before especially 60 um anyway uh hyrule warriors legends you probably don't want to play
that on the old 3ds it really runs best on the new 3ds and they say it runs like garbage on the
old 3ds on the old 3ds uh you get sub 30 frames a second performance there is no 3d option and uh
yeah apparently some folks are going so far as to say you know they probably shouldn't have even
made it uh play they should have just said it's a new 3ds exclusive um and you guys know how i
feel about new 3ds exclusives but hyrule warriors i'm kind of like yeah i can play that on the weu
so i don't feel like i'm losing anything major well you're not gonna be able to play as those
extra characters because you have to buy it on both systems no i thought they were i thought
they were bringing it out on the weu yeah they are but the only way to play them on the weu is
you have to get a special download code that's in that 3ds version thank you nintendo i love
buying games more than once barf barf barf all right uh how about dark sakura a few things there
is axiom verge uh it is uh going to be uh ported out to the xbox one and we you to be released
later this year um also uh the vita version is still in development too
xbox one by the way actually as of today um will be taking 50 off the price so it is going to go
down for the 500 gigabyte version 299 dollars the uh the division one terabyte bundle will be going
for 300 349 so uh and also a few of the games will be getting a 20 price cut including halo 5
which will never be a classic game of the week um also on march 22nd they're going to do a week-long
xbox store sale that discounts games by 40 to 60 percent including fallout 4 and far cry primal
so there you go oh there's more oh one more because i have another story yes
um i i i don't know how i feel about this because there's um gonna be a resident evil
slash biohazard musical um it's going to be directed um by uh actor rayon yuzuki who um
has uh been uh it looks like uh an actor who's been in uh a uh an all-female show called the uh
taco uh takara zuko review um which is as someone who's famous for playing male characters and it
will be overseen by capcom's um hirouki kobayashi so there you go i hope it has the acting chops of
the first game i'm quoting the article here and that i hope there's a song called jill sandwich i
was just about to say there better be a song called jill sandwich then again if it's only
in japan likely that line i mean i'd have to get little no because that wasn't the because
the japanese release was in english um act deft in our chat over at live.vog network.com says little
shop of horror style musical please yes and there needs to be a song like suddenly see more in it i
would uh i would be so down for that and it would be every karaoke across america for the rest of
our lives but you have to have someone singing like um what's-her-face that played uh abri
yeah ellen barkin with the accent yeah the way that she talks
i see i think one night on the show dark soccer and i just need to cancel olr and do duets all
night on the show would you guys enjoy that we have to have the olr sing along we we kind of
did that one week but it was it was a long long long long time ago when karaoke revolution first
came out and then you weren't here that week we did it honestly enough you know there is like
a recording out there somewhere of me singing karaoke revolution at my friend mitch's party
nice in mobile alabama nice that was back when um uh ground zero was still open in mobile
well you know um years and years and years and years and years ago before olr it was probably
what the i think it was the year 2000 uh i went to a little convention in las vegas with my buddy
uh named jessica and we went into a little uh kiosk there and recorded ourselves singing
love shack and little did i know that that video would come back to haunt me for years
and years and years after recording that so no no anyway all right let's move on to the
frugal question of the week
every week we go to our facebook and our google plus communities and you take those words you
slam them together you get frugal and tonight dark soccer will be singing all of your answers
here we go i'm just kidding all right uh details of the playstation vr are out is what we asked
our listeners this week it's going to cost 399 dollars for 99 if you need a camera and
move controllers so now that you have most of the details save for many maybe some more games come
e3 have you decided if you're getting one or not why or why not let's start on google plus tonight
where prince beach fuzz says probably not i haven't seen anything that's convinced me i must
have it uh martin over on google plus says since i already have a ps4 i might get one if i see some
cool games announced for it some racing games perhaps at 400 it's in the upper realm of
disposable income purchases for me though i realize 400 is still a lot of money the oculus
and htc vive are just too expensive to be impulse buys no game would probably be good enough to
persuade me to spend that much here's the thing about racing games though as awesome as that
sounds i would worry could something moving that fast make me sick in virtual reality i think if
you do a racing game there's you know certain ways to do it so just you know you got to be
careful how fast you go and things like that i don't know if you could do f0 very well in
virtual reality then again i did play gx and like a rig sort of thing but anyway um moving on to
act deft who replied and said i do want one will i get it though probably not on launch i also need
to get a playstation 4 too but hopefully it will get actual support from sony and third parties
and it will be cheaper in a year or two going to facebook where we have a lot of answers tonight
fabrice a says i'm interested but i'll still wait it's a bunch of money and i've never even
tried any vr gear i'm also afraid vr is going to be a fad just like 3d television was mike b says
no i feel it will be another fad but at least it's one more step in the right direction like having
a holodeck and dr says yeah i'll probably get one i already have the camera and controllers so i got
that going for me tried psvr at psx and i'm pretty excited by what it can do winston h says
i probably won't get one considering it's out of my price range even if i did have the money i feel
like vr is still kind of niche at the moment guillermo r says yes because of res infinite and
sony being very active and working with developers to minimize motion sickness triggers gives me
confidence which by the way bobby blackwolf kind of piggybacked on on what i was saying
in the chat room and says you can do racing games and vr safely the trick is to render the cockpit
so your brain has a frame of reference to adjust to and that's because dark soccer you've talked
about being motion sick in games before and usually if like a game like oblivion funny
enough if you can shift into third person it's not nearly as bad because you have like that
reference thing not nearly as bad but what was funny is though is like in golden eye
even though you had the gun on screen yeah that made me really motion sick yeah i mean that's
probably the game that's done to me the worst maybe because the gun isn't enough you know the
gun isn't really it's not a very good point of reference you know balancing a little bit too i'm
trying to remember if it did um it used to like doom i think it would bounce a little bit but
like in wolf doom doom and wolfenstein weren't really i have a head bob yeah anyway uh moving on
to critical myth who says no because i've yet to see the killer game that would be worth the
investment and i'm not convinced this is the next big advancement in gaming uh kirk k replied and
said the more and more i hear and see about these vr headsets makes me not want any of them this is
just part of video games that i'm not looking forward to at all nemesis 47 says that'd be a no
for me that's pretty much the price of a playstation 4 for something that's going to be a gimmick such
as the playstation 3 with the 3d gimmick or the move controller rather buy a playstation 4 than
a peripheral for only a few games thank you a game only needs a few controllers in the system
enough said entertainment says i feel like i'm a broken record at this point because i keep saying
the same thing over and over i feel like i'm a broken record at this point because i all right
you get it and then says i want to demo any vr device before i purchase it william murderface
says the psvr looks interesting but even if i had a ps4 i don't i probably would hold off for a while
at this point it's still just a neat gimmick with a lot of promise when i see something that i
consider solid interesting and well executed then i will think about it degenerate johnny
says i have to say no even though i'm a consumer whore and how i still have standards one of those
standards is that there must be proper software support to warrant a hardware purchase so far
neither the oculus rift or the psvr have shown enough software support to my liking rage nator
says i know i won't get a playstation vr if only because i don't have a playstation 4 and i have no
real desire to get a playstation 4 i might however consider getting an oculus rift once i upgrade my
video card rob replies and says i won't get one right away i've seen this type before on the 3d
tvs only this time they're marketing to a significantly smaller demographic jordan t says i
will buy one but not off the top we'll wait to see in a year or so i think the fad or gimmick part of
vr will be seen in the controller interfaces motion tracking hands and so forth and eventually most
games will settle focus on just the headset and either a normal gamepad or anything that can
replicate seated immersion like a joystick or a steering wheel lastly veronica isabelle says i
won't be buying one because i don't have a playstation 4 lots and lots of answers this week
uh over on facebook and google plus so it seems like we have a lot of listeners that are like i
don't even have a ps4 yet so this isn't something i'm really interested in buying it seems like a
lot of people who have tried it firsthand are very interested in it and then people who haven't
are kind of like i need to wait and see or i need that killer app i need that thing that makes it
very worth it and i don't think there's any problem with wanting that game that is going
to make it all worth it um and i see some folks in chat are saying rez rez rez which is weird
because rez is a game from like 1990 no but 2001 i think is when rez is so it is weird that a game
that old uh but i got to admit i'm probably gonna pick up a psvr and you bet your ass i'm gonna get
rez because i really want to play that in vr um but i also know you know i'll probably pick up
some of the other uh mini game collections and some of the other stuff if they if they actually
do this star wars battlefront that might finally get me into battlefront that sounds awesome
so anyhow those are our answers from facebook and google plus thanks everybody for answering
that was some really good participation this week appreciate it all right let's move on back into
some other news loki i was just taking a look at the nx controller i don't think those buttons are
actual physical anymore oh really you think yeah if they're touch screen buttons well because the
way that they look either that or they're inset which is even weirder i don't like that at all
they're inset but the way they have it lit because they also have these like arrow buttons that are
on the edges and it just looks fake so okay anyways so um microsoft made a really weird
announcement they basically said hey um we are going to be opening up our online um to allow
connections with other consoles and pc networks so it's going to be up to the developers to support
this feature but they're going to open up xbox live so that you can do cross play with other
platforms that's kind of cool i mean i know in the past that's been kind of a stickler with a
lot of the mmo's and stuff they were supposed to come into those platforms and i think now
with rocket league they're going to be supporting that um so i'll have to wait and see um now sony's
response to that is you know hey we're cool with that we just want to get some more information
on that to see you know you know they've been you know we've been supporting the cross platform
thing already with you know back even on the playstation 3 and now with you know different
integration they have with like you know street fighter 5 and that type of thing um it's all about
you know the developers and publishers what they want to do they need to get in touch with us and
handle everything else on a case-by-case basis so basically they just need to see what how they
implement this and how they can do it safely and all that fun stuff well this is going to be very
interesting for the future of gaming if they really pull this off and there's people you know
you can be on xbox one and play with people that are on a playstation 4 it's really not something
you've been able to do before and yes even i've cited the final fantasy 11 reference but the
interesting thing about final fantasy 11 even though that game you know if you forget you could
play that game on pc playstation 2 and xbox 360 you could play cross platform but you went through
a portal play online to be able to play the game so technically it was all those systems were
connecting to play online which then really managed the game you had a separate id through
play online and all this stuff so that's how 11 kind of worked and made that happen so now i'm
assuming with what we're talking about in this whole cross-platform thing we're not going to have
play online it's going to be a bit more of a direct communication although you know i assume
the companies would have their servers their play servers and that's what everything would be
connecting to but it'll be a lot more seamless than trust me 11 was kind of like like kind of
a pain in the ass every kind of cool like you know with destiny and stuff you're gonna have
all the destiny players together and all that type of things and you'd be cool like to see
leaderboards and you know i don't know i think it's it's definitely a good idea i just be interested
to see how they implement that well and this is something i've been saying xbox one's been needing
to do for a long time now i wonder if xbox one is going to get final fantasy 14 you know and some
of these some of these games that they've been kind of closed off to because of their policies
this that policy is the reason they didn't get um final fantasy 14 i'm telling plug in xbox one
into the pc version of uh 14 all the xbox controller stuff comes up so they were ready
to put that game on xbox one i'm sure so it'll be interesting to see maybe they do a the next
expansion will be available on xbox one i bet i bet that'll be a thing now that this has been
torn down we'll see uh trying to look at our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com
yyr says another announcement that they made that didn't make the headlines xbox one will now
support the mono game framework which is a new implementation of microsoft's own xna this actually
helps me out a lot this means multitasking for xbox one and playstation 4 will come out a lot
sooner that's pretty cool i did not realize that was another thing that they had announced
still waiting for that announcement where i can use an xbox one as a dev kit
that was promised before the xbox one launched well a lot changed before the xbox one actually
launched but so anyhow uh one game that has seen a lot of success at least on the playstation 4 i
don't think it's uh seen anything on the xbox one yet because i don't think it's out there but it's
on playstation 4 and pc is the independent game firewatch which i talked about on this show um
last month when it came out i actually did play the game from start to finish in a couple of
nights i thought the story was uh good enough to uh really make me curious what was going to happen
and it was also like short enough where i could kind of do that in just a couple play sessions
well apparently firewatch has been doing some very good business for um panic the uh publisher and
campo santo the developer uh by the end of the first month firewatch sold sold sold firewatch
sold half a million full price copies so that's pretty good um firewatch's budget which apparently
was made back was made back in one day so they made back the cost it took to make that game in
one day which actually doesn't surprise me too much because i would bet the majority of those
500 000 copies were sold in the first day if not the first week that is why there's always this
hype around release dates and so forth because you know you only have so much time when you're
right there front and center if your game doesn't land with a splash it can sometimes be very hard
to recover from that so um good good for them for firewatch um so yeah firewatch is a sales success
we're grateful and relieved but mostly grateful so uh awesome they are still dedicated to fixing
bugs and improving the performance across the board some people were complaining about
performance issues on playstation 4 which yeah there are some parts that skip around a little
bit it didn't really ruin it for me but i definitely noticed it um so but i thought
still the strength in that game was the story um so it's worth checking out so congrats i i love
indie successes like that so they'll be able to make whatever they want to make next awesome all
right let's move on dark sakura well um have you guys been keeping up with the stuff on me tomo
a little bit uh i'm curious like when it's gonna come out here already but i've been getting emails
on it from nintendo yeah about signing up for stuff about it so i'm probably gonna do it but
it's actually off to a really really good start in japan um it is right now the top free app on
the app store um and it's even crossed over line which um line is a big social media one over there
for you know contacting people and doing stuff um it has more than 1 million users right now
but it's going to be coming out um outside of japan we should have releases later on
in 15 major markets across north america western europe russia australia and new zealand uh
later on this month um so yeah and then there's supposed to be four other mobile games developed
by nintendo to be out by march 2017 so i think that's pretty cool i'm looking forward to to
giving it a go when it's out over here same i'm i'm curious to check it out i'm still not sure
what the game is but i'm i'm definitely me tomo isn't necessarily a game yeah it's i think a
platform to games yeah something like that so i mean social networking i'm just here's my thing
is it going to be one of those things where it's fun for a day and then i'm never going to really
look at it again i don't know i guess the way it's set up it sounds like it might might be like
an ask.fm type of thing where it's asking you it's asking you random questions and you're supposed
to answer it um i don't know if you'll have an anonymous ask box that's probably a dangerous
thing for nintendo but you know for the most part it kind of seems like it's that type of thing to
me um an act f in chat says it's like tomodachi life well i got to admit tomodachi life was fun
for a couple days and then it's kind of kind of over it you know all right um since we're on the
topic of mobile gaming did you get to see that brief video of pokemon go i actually thank you
for bringing it up because it didn't make our show somewhere else yes i did see the brief video that
was leaked from the south by southwest panel yeah i did i still don't know how the hell that game's
gonna play yeah it didn't really explain anything to that resort it's like you throw a pokeball at
a pokemon you might catch it it didn't really have battle in it which surprised me so my thought is
maybe you go out and catch the pokemon and then you battle but i mean we saw a leaked minute and
a half out of a panel it doesn't really tell us anything it's neat it's gonna put pressure on
the antique to put more official information out there though i think that's gonna be i mean it
looks okay i just i'm not a fan of pokemon so i don't know there was definitely something kind
of funky there when like they were actually capturing the pokemon like i don't know if it
was using the camera yeah it looked like it was yeah it kind of looked like an ar type of
projection on your cell phone screen so that was kind of neat so i'm curious to see what that all
looks like but uh it didn't really look like your typical pokemon game but you know you weren't
really supposed to go into it expecting that so we'll see all right uh moving on loki all right
so and you're back to talking about microsoft again um one of the things that they're trying
to do um apparently they want to add support for up to 64 player parties um for you know different
games like battlefield or mmo raids that type of thing because right now they're you know they
keep increasing it i guess it was you know originally you know eight and then you know 12
players now 16 they want to get it up to 64 because you know then that way you can do you
know 64 versus 64 and you know get all sorts of crazy you know battles and stuff going on with
that and that's according to i guess a comment made by mike gabara who's the head of programming
at xbox um that'd be cool i mean definitely i outside of like doing those massive battles
and stuff i don't know why you'd want to party that big i mean that god i just remember like
party chat on xbox with like eight people and it's just you know a lot of noise but it'd be
pretty cool if you could like you know arrange more social things that way i'd even sell for
that for like you know playstation 4 as well i mean that would be pretty cool um yeah i the
bigger game parties that would be fun it would be uh tricky to manage and of course some people you
know are gonna fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck the kids but if you have any future friends i mean you know
whatever yeah friends that'd be fun i mean because that would open it up not that we have you know
that many people that would want to do this but we could do something fun after olr and probably
everybody who would want to come could come well like i think it'd be cool to like set up something
like a social thing where you have almost like a dm or something that's controlling like if you
want to set up tournaments i mean we're like just thinking like platform independent here for a
second like say say i wanted to do like a kart racing game or something like that like mario kart
on you know party system like this i could set up okay you know here's all the people we're gonna
have okay you're gonna be in this seed we're gonna put these players in this race and go and these
eight players are gonna race and then everybody else that's not playing we get to watch them and
then kind of do it like you know set up you know more complicated you know gameplay options you
know that'd be kind of cool if you could do something like that or even like you know
you know like turn-based things like if you could do an x you know on minecraft on one of those
platforms you know how they have all the different modded games and stuff on pc like hunger games
or sky uh sky wars or something like that where you can set up okay we're gonna have you know
these eight players go and then the next tier is gonna go and just set up like almost like a
bracket tournament type thing would be kind of fun um and broadcast it all to twitch or something
you could use that to play or you could use that to play jackbox games i bet well actually
the phone thing a lot of those games support tons and tons of players um i was gonna say
ubisoft's the werewolf game 64 players where you can't see there are you the werewolf no are you
the world no are you the world no are you the world no are you the world no uh we'll
give murder face and chat over at live.vognetwork.com says it's also often a shit show
having played in a 32 player party it often turns to a train wreck especially in first-person
shooters all right uh let's move on to this story and then we'll get to our mailbag for this week
uh gdc was not without its controversy uh microsoft had an after party one night and uh they
kind of did that typical frat party scene you would see where there were some booth babes that
were there dancing uh there's actually some pictures that made it onto twitter where you've
got these ladies that are dancing and it honestly looks like she's wearing nothing but a bra on the
top or at least that's what it looks like and then kind of like one of those uh skirts and things um
and you know wearing proper schoolgirl attire i don't know about proper school if you're britney
spears if you're britney spears exactly 15 years she was in a school dress like that am i to believe
that that is an act an inaccurate depiction of what kids wear nowadays so here's the thing with
that is that you know obviously because the game uh industry has had a reputation of being a bit
of a frat house they're trying to welcome more diversity especially women but some of the women
that attended this party were kind of turned off by this going uh in fact there's one tweet out
there uh saying this is how the games industry excludes women by pretending we don't exist and
having dev parties with strippers um anyhow i to microsoft's credit as unfortunate as the
circumstance was to microsoft's credit uh swiftly did phil spencer uh from xbox respond to this uh
like an email went out to everybody at microsoft and of course it leaked out uh phil spencer
replied to this um in the next morning basically saying that the party represented xbox and
microsoft in a way that was not consistent or aligned to our values and then went on and called
it unequivocally wrong yeah i don't know if they're the one like it could have been the venue
that did that because they have like you know dancers and stuff that go along with the dj but
yes either way it's not appropriate for a business dev party a party planner somewhere along the line
got fired but i wonder you you bring an interesting insight is that what if maybe they told the
nightclub they wanted to do this party and the nightclub was like oh yeah we know gamers yeah
sure wink wink well i don't even think it was necessarily that it's like this is what we this
is our setup you know we have dancers we have the dj you know that type of thing but then again it's
it doesn't matter though because you as the party the hosts of the party you know the the company
is doing you need to be on top of what they're doing we're not excusing it we're just saying
like that's probably how it happened but it just goes to show that yeah i don't think hey can we
get people that are scantily clad in like school girl outfits that are sexy and can we have them
that's going to totally you know make our women developers feel invited or anybody else that's
you know it's totally not going to be awkward you know discussing business while there's like
you know some lady dancing in there i mean yeah so it was a horrible miscommunication on the way and
unfortunately pers and i've said this a million times on the show perception is everything
and when you have britney spears esque ladies dancing and nothing against those ladies they're
very good looking ladies and they're just making money uh that they're working and so forth but um
perception is you know when you have that it's no matter who planned it or how it turned out
it looks like microsoft is still in the dark ages when it comes to you know what the gaming
industry should be um but good on them for applying to it at least real quick and letting
them know letting everybody know they were taking it seriously so all right uh let's get to the mail
bag we're gonna do it uh participate at orange lounge radio.com is the place where you can send
us emails every that's not the mailbag song i mean i guess it could be how about this one all right
uh every week dark soccer dives in the mailbag participate at orange lounge radio.com and reads
a few emails for us here on the program the first one comes from azhp hi olr crew azhp here as always
i loved your show and listen to every episode this week's show glossed over some other important
details regarding the clico chameleon that i feel excuse me that i feel would put the situation a
more clear light for your listeners i feel like it's important to lay out the findings of the
people investigating the console as quite a bit of the incredible detective work was done by the
internet at large the clico chameleon that appeared at toy fair was scrutinized by people following
the event and the images of the back of the machine and the controllers were used highly
suggested that the clico chameleon on the show floor was simply a snus junior inside a hollowed
out jaguar shell at this point one could give them the benefit of the doubt perhaps it was a
conceptual mock-up of what they hoped to achieve with the system however the actions taken after
this were bewildering the console creators posted a photo on their facebook page of what appeared
to be the circuit board inside of a clear jaguar shell claiming that the accusations of a snus
junior inside of jaguar were false and that this is what was running inside the chameleon at toy
fair instead of placating the naysayers though this photo was with alarming speed compared to
a pc dvr capture card circuit board which appeared to be chip for chip match with the alleged chameleon
prototype once that comparison was posted in the facebook photos comments the picture was taken
down nearly instantly sorry my voice is not happy today the chameleon creators then insisted that
everything would be cleared up on their kickstarter page when the kickstarter launched in early march
it's important to note that kickstarter requires any hardware manufacturer to have a working
prototype before allowing a kickstarter page to be creative created it makes it a little easier
to understand why a company might try to publicly fabricate evidence of a prototype doesn't it
however the promised kickstarter date came and went with no activity at this point the company
that held the rights to the clico name announced that they did not know what was going on and
announced that they had contracted a team of independent engineers to verify whether or not
the chameleon prototype existed they gave the engineers a seven-day deadline to report their
findings as it turns out they didn't need the engineers at all the chameleon developers announced
they didn't have anything workable and that's when clico decided to part ways with them sorry for the
long email i just wanted people to recognize the detective work being done by the internet at large
to protect consumers from putting down money on a potentially illegitimate kickstarter
could the chameleon have really existed yes but considering the way in which things were handled
it makes developers look it makes the developers look very suspicious and i feel like that
information needs to be shared as it's a bit disingenuous to give the listeners a vague
benefit of the doubt explanation without also reporting on the findings that led to to the
clico holding company parting ways with the chameleon developers i understand not wanting to
to saber rattle without solid definitive proof but at the time there was an overwhelming amount
of crowd-sourced evidence uh which convinced the console publisher to back out of a deal
that's got to count for something right you're truly azhp well i'll just be honest i wasn't
following the kickstarter i have a clique of vision that's all the clico i need that and
cabbage patch kids bingo and i just want to make make sure it's clear i did not go light on this
just because you know some people associated with this have been on the show before that would not
be okay um so i just want to make clear that is not a the reason why i explained the story like
i did last week what i wanted to make sure was that if i was going to talk about it that i
knew with confidence the facts and to be perfectly honest with so much news that happens every week
and you know the fact that we all hold day jobs and so forth i actually wasn't aware of some of
the things that you pointed out in that email like the facebook post and all that that was i
mean i knew about the show and the shell and all that stuff i didn't know about the facebook and
some of that other stuff you kind of tied some things together there um so thank you for the
email um and so i guess that's that there you go now our listeners have an idea what happened
the problem was from the gecko they were trying to launch the kickstarter because like that we
had without a prototype unfortunately here last week because my stupid kids have to get sick okay
it's it's all their damn fault it's it's actually it's the fault of some other parent last week
exactly well it's the other you know and i've watched i am fully into what's going on here so
yeah it's basically they're they're they bitched from it in the beginning you know they're oh well
it's not fair we all got to do it but we didn't yeah oh yeah that really worked out um but so
they're they basically needed the money to create a prototype and they didn't have that money so they
try to fake it to be able to meet that criteria in order to launch their crowdfunding could it
have worked out well maybe could have not worked out well possibly who knows but
you know it's it's a hard sell i mean especially when you have you know it's not
is this gonna actually come to fruition probably not anymore because people don't trust them i
mean why would why would they even attempt it anymore because there's no way no one's gonna
trust you anymore you're not gonna get the calico name who's gonna who's gonna even put money
against us i mean i don't think anyone is well um my offer from last week still stands if anybody
from the organization would like to come on the show and talk about what's going on i promise
respect and um non-sensationalism we'll have an honest conversation and um you can
discuss some of these questions folks have in our chat room and so forth uh um head on and
hopefully we can get to the bottom of how this happened so and and help gain maybe some of that
trust back so anyhow um i i don't know what else to say next you know yes kind of what cabbage
another cabbage patch kid now what because they clica made them oh it's like what kind of random
tangent ass thing is oh okay yeah i got it got it okay hello loki dark sakura and sky i really
wanted to give a quick shout out to a game i've played recently that really blew me away life is
strange despite getting a lot of awards i feel like more people should play this life is strange
is an episodic telltale-esque adventure game you play as maxine a young woman who one day finds out
she has the power to reverse time crazy things start happening around her people start disappearing
and she tries to make sense of it all your actions impact the game in sorry impact the events in the
game just like in the telltale games but with an interesting quirk you can reverse time and change
your mind if you didn't like the outcome this leads to some very interesting choices and you
soon find out that no choice is 100 good or bad the story got a has let me start over the story
has got a twin peaks vibe to it murder mystery meets teenage drama it just gripped my throat and
didn't let go until i saw the credits it deals with some very deep emotional topics i almost cried
and you will and you will have to make some tough choices the cel-shaded art style is beautiful is
just beautiful the voice acting is really great and it makes you really care about the characters
the soundtrack is incredible with the acoustic songs perfectly complementing intense parts of
the story i highly recommend it if you like a good narrative the story is one of the best i
have played a long time you won't regret it as always keep up the great show martin from belgian
honestly i i know this game has been getting a lot of kudos and it's one of those things like
on my list of games to play and i'll get to it just like i finally got to undertale although
i need to play more undertale i didn't really play enough of it so uh i definitely check out life is
strange i do have episode one because i came in one of those i think square enix did a humble
bundle not that long ago and i got episode one through that so um i definitely at least at least
want to give it that fair shot there so i was gonna say to go back to what we're talking about
the calico chameleon and everything there is one uh portable uh handheld system that they just
went through uh crowdfunding and they actually have a finished device it's the cinclair zx
spectrum vega plus it's a handheld um sink was a zx spectrum like the spectrum for the british
computer yes like the most part and it's actually being done by you know mr cinclair that is awesome
give me a commodore 64 one of those actually well they did they did have that commodore computer
a few years ago i will say i like how it sounds better in europe the zx no seriously because i
finally heard it i was like oh yeah that makes sense because it said nazi yeah they've got it
on indiegogo right now it's already met it's it's like 300 of its funding right now and you
can actually pick up one for 100 pounds see we didn't have that over here at all so yeah it's
got that same it's got the lcd screen at the actual original resolution and everything it's
like pretty awesome and i don't know so that's something to actually you know get behind if
you're interested in the you know the cinclair now i know the commodore 64 was huge over there
as well but it that at least we had that here so you know i have many fond memories of that but
anyway all right last email yes hello lr last week you asked folks where they get their gaming news
i was pretty surprised that nobody mentioned neo gaff neo gaff.com is currently the largest
dedicated internet message board about video games at least as far as i know it has grown into
a community with over 160 000 members many of whom are actually working in the industry in some
capacity in fact other news sites regularly list neo gaff as a source for their information
if you simply go to page one and look at forum topics you are already looking
at most of the day's headlines the rest are probably on page two opinions run the gamut
but most folks there seem capable of mature conversation those that aren't those that
aren't are swiftly banned and while creating an account there involves a long waiting period
and probably supporting a junior tag for several months there's no need to even bother with that
if you're merely interested in browsing best of all there are no videos no pop-up advertisements
and no image heavy threads unless they are tagged as such and it's the only place besides olr that
i am aware that i'm aware of where they regularly discuss frog fractions too neo gaff is quickly
becoming my primary news source other than olr i also go to polygon.com but already they don't seem
like what they used to be which is interesting considering they have they haven't been around
for four years yet but i digress keep on using and boozing erin yyr i mean i'm not one to you know
promote filing a lawsuit against the guy that created frog fractions two just so that there's
some sort of evidence to where we can find out where frog fractions two actually is you know
and you just say oh hey it's a sham you know never really created the game that way he has
to provide evidence to where the hell the actual game is so we can play it but i mean i think we're
almost at that point loki you may already be playing it and you just don't know that it's
frog fractions too well i'm glad i didn't put any money towards that because that's ridiculous
um really it's actually been uh uh bought by konami and released as a frogger frag fracking
and it's a patchy slot game i thought i saw on twitter some stickers i don't know if they were
legit or not but i saw some stuff out of um gdc and it said frog fractions three and it was written
like final fantasy 3 and then there was another one that said frog fraction six and it was written
like final fantasy 3's japanese logo and i think it actually said something like frog fractions
three six in japan and i was like if that is official fucking brilliant but you don't get
you don't get to kickstart three until two is definitively answered that's the thing anyway
the emailer did not email to talk about frog fractions two but that's what happened uh they
wanted to talk about neo gaff and neo gaff is a news source um yeah i know a lot of uh websites
actually will source neo gaff for their news sources because there are some industry people
that use it and we'll kind of post there under the guise of anonymity uh i'm still a little wary
with the whole forum and especially the reason like it seems very arbitrary kind of who they
let on there and who they don't i don't know like there's there's just a lot of weird missing pieces
of the puzzle for neo gaff for me but that's just me personally as long as y'all ain't hurting
anybody whatever i'm all for discussion i just kind of wish they'd be a little more inviting
but i suppose that's how they keep a lot of shit posts off there and and spam and so forth so
i and on that end of things i kind of get it so all right um and bobby blackwolf says frog fractions
two is an arg it's been going on for a while there is no video game yeah and i remember a story that
came up on the show not that long ago they kind of talked about the argms of it so i i still feel
like at least there's going to be a flash game or something that you get at the end i don't know
uh and sho 100 matt in chat says uh i just feel that they're grasping at straws for rumors if
they're referencing neo gaff and yyr in response to the talk about frog fractions three says
that was mentioned on neo gaff this week well there you go all right that was it for emails
participate at orange on twitter.com i was about to say yes we can say it again
yes yes queen dark soccer you have not been able to yet on this episode talk about your new
addiction do you want to quickly share with us because this is cross-promotion for my podcast
of mine my big addiction right now is watching raja and raven do tutor boot they are drag queens
by the way if you i love drag queens so much um and i have very minorly contributed to the career
of the drag queen two years ago by letting her buy the pantone emerald studded lashes instead
of me buying them well dark sakura um this is a good part for me to say that when you watch the
next episode of drag race you should come on reading is fundamental that's the podcast about
everything drag race that i do with captain spike and slide kick from game buoy as well as delvin
from video game realness which came back from the dead this week so um check that out rafpodcast.com
i have to get it is not about video games period no i have to i i'm gonna i have to still finish
watching the first episode of season eight because i mean i'm probably gonna go back and watch just
season four i think because latrice yeah um but um i've been watching all of the stuff on what's
the what's the um channel it's like wow world of wonder yeah it's like it's rupaul's production
company basically yeah but um i've really also enjoyed uh i've just enjoyed the content though
in particular on that particular uh uh channel because they also um like i like the ones where
they respond to bad comments made about them but my favorite one was for uh national coming out day
everyone talking about their first time and i thought that that was it was a very personal
thing to share but i think that it was very very good you need to see season four because that's
the one where i was on the reunion in a deleted scene that only aired overseas and i guess is on
the dvd but i'm in it no yeah remember that was that was a big thing yeah i was in it yeah i met
latrice and uh that's cool so the other i interviewed tatiana once yeah and then um uh season
seven you need to see for trixie mitel because she's fabulous she was she was a gamer x and i
think you think you met her and you had no clue who she was and because she came up to the table
and i feel like you were there um i well i was also kind of sleep deprived in in my poor costume
and then you need to see season eight for kim chi who's a nerd oh see that's why i started watching
because i like kimchi and dax exclamation point who's also a nerd she does a wonderful storm so
that's right she's wearing the outfit walking in but the other one i liked was um the the one from
shreveport oh chi chi divain chi chi divain all right we got to be careful it's not a drag queen
show it's a video game show but you know what i'm already in love though it is such good tv y'all
rob rob can i can i be adopted by a drag queen i but wouldn't that i don't know any
if i but if i get adopted by a drag queen then i'd have to be a faux queen i i could do it talk
to you know what you need to talk to is victoria she's the biggest i know all right uh let's get
to the fus of the week where dark sakura can complain and uh bitch about how she's not a drag
queen
fuck week six or seven by now of me having this damn migraine i'm tired of it i want it to go away
and it's not going away um and also this weird throat thing i'm having going on but i think it's
just for my allergies and also fuck my brain not really but i have my idea for my next cosplay i
announced it on ranger pride and i'm going to announce it here i am going to be doing a monokuma
cosplay you know the stupid little homicidal bear from don ganropa but i'm designing the
outfit myself well yeah a plug for ranger pride because you were a guest this week huh
i was a guest on ranger pride and now i'm completely yeah shane if you're listening
which you're probably not because you're at work he sits right behind me so i'll just tell
him in person tomorrow i was like at eight four oh god yeah he probably is still alert
oh no no he'll be out he'll be up by now um but i have to say that i super like um
you uh uh
i just my brain blanked on it because i'm now ready to drop 18 on a cube giraffe thank you
and i'm done all right um loki um i guess after you to kids being sick because it
really limits my freedom and um yeah just f you too the mundane work week
um my a few goes to my back because i was trying to clean today this is what i get for trying to
clean so i was cleaning uh the shower and scrubbing and doing all that stuff and i
think i threw my back out doing it so never cleaning again would you like one of the
ibuprofen they gave me for my back oh no i i have the prescription iv i have tons of it
i got it for uh oh remember when i had that random i don't know how much i went into this
on the show but i like i passed out like remember and i fell and i hurt myself really bad um i i have
like a ton they give me a ton of ibuprofen for that like way more than anybody needed
like enough to kill a horse let's be real all right or at least a liver yes all right uh let's
move on we got a couple more news stories for you guys and then we are going to get to uh the
skype line at 1877 game olr or username on skype orange lounge radio uh but first loki all right
so there's some details about uh telltale's batman game that's gonna be coming out this summer
you know basically basically saying it's a fresh interpretation of the universe set in modern time
it's not gonna be based off any existing you know batman games films or comics and you know focus
on bruce and batman and not like the rest of the side characters of course alfred and vicki vale
uh james gordon and renee montoya will be in it and says certain characters will have a deeply
personal relationship with bruce in his private life and decisions made as bruce or batman will
affect their paths towards corruption or redemption and yeah and they were taking a non-photorealistic
interpretation of the universe so i'm imagining kind of like um i don't know kind of like uh
was it the what was that one the wolf what was their game the wolf among us wolf among us yes
thank you that i think like an art style like that actually you know to be honest a lot of
their games have that kind of same art style so yeah imagine it's gonna be similar to that so
cool i'm looking forward to it i like some batman and they said also it's gonna have a mature rating
and it's gonna feel like an r-rated film all right well um i have some sad news to kind of
end on tonight unfortunately we had some passings in the gaming industry this week but uh you know
it would not be cool if i didn't uh acknowledge um their them and their lives and tip our hats
a little bit to remember akira tago who is the brains behind professor latin in the puzzle design
unfortunately passed away at the age of 90 due to pneumonia but not 90 that's a good run that's a
good run so uh you know um remembering akira tago this week uh who passed away uh in creating the
puzzles in professor latin but 90 years old that's that's amazing um also this week however we lost
eric madow um who was killed in a windstorm on sunday so unfortunately um not at 90 years old
madow was taking one of his daughters for a drive and the vehicle was hit by a falling tree
the daughter did survive but unfortunately eric madow did pass away eric madow is the pokemon
company international creative design director and he had worked on several games in the pokemon
series uh including omega ruby and alpha sapphire x and y black and white versions 2 conquest i
mean the guy did a lot for the various pokemon games and unfortunately that is a very tragic
event that happened there so uh just remembering um those guys and tipping our hats to the legacy
they leave behind in gaming so acknowledgement um okay anyhow let's try to change the subject
back on to the week in gaming we do want to open up the skype line for you guys 1877 game olr
or our username on skype orange lounge radio all one word so the skype line is open if you'd like
to go ahead and give us a call in the meantime loki i was going to check in and see if you had
any last minute news yeah there's um the xbox they're talking to or they're actively looking
into um bringing back some of those digital sharing options so you know they basically
saying you know hey the steam family plan has you know a good um setup which be honest i've never
actually used that even though we do have that available um i don't has anybody actually used
the steam family sharing yet anyway i i did it first and then like uh when it was like first in
beta and then i tried to use it with alan like a month ago we couldn't find it we couldn't use it
like and i was like did they disable it at some point my thought was i was running the beta at
the time so maybe you can't be using that maybe i had undertale would not work while i was in the
beta so i had to drop out of the beta and then undertale would work where it was really weird
okay yeah so that's something that they're looking into so all all sorts of good news coming out of
the microsoft camp all right well let's get to it our our phones are ringing so let's get to it
hello you're on orange launch radio who's this hey uh this is reginator hey reginator what's on
your mind buddy i'm not a whole lot i gotta keep this short and sweet because i got a house guest
right now but uh okay uh yeah i was just wondering uh totally random uh uh tangent from what's been
talked on the show tonight but uh i know that for the longest time uh vog has had a steam group but
you know really nothing has been done with the group you know aside from now being a collect
you know way of connecting with other vog members uh if have you and uh bobby considered doing
anything more with the group or no sure it's just it's honestly honestly spazzing here the best
answer i have for that is that it's it's a big it's it's mostly a time thing um just because you
know i would love to be able to say oh hey every thursday night we're gonna meet on steam and play
x game but the reality is um that's the night i tape one of my podcasts and then i tape another
one of my podcasts on mondays or tuesdays you know so it's like i kind of you know i'm busy in that
regard so it's hard to me to kind of commit to something regular um but i would really encourage
you know if some of you guys that are really enthusiastic about steam kind of want to pick
up the torch and run with it um if it's a game i own like i saw you guys talking about rocket
league earlier and if i didn't have to be up at 5 30 tomorrow i probably would join you guys but
maybe next week after the show i would totally be down with playing some rocket league so um yeah i
like i i think if you guys want to get together and try to plan some game sessions i would love
that and i'll try to enjoy where i can just unfortunately setting it up myself um when i'm
doing three podcasts right now is a bit difficult so yeah i can't imagine that and uh now just as
uh just off the record well since this is being recorded i guess it's on the record
it's okay one of the better shows that you guys had aside from the night that you had the devafit
the night that we had what the uh aside from the night that you had the devafit
oh the oh the night i had the devafit oh yes i remember yeah yeah all right but uh great show
so thank you i my i i even just saw a tweet uh act f had written a tweet that said something to the
effect of i feel bad if you're not listening to olr it's one of the most hilarious episodes in
a while hey julian did a great job sometimes it takes a kid to tell you how it is because kids
they're gonna tell you they they don't have a filter they're gonna tell you how it is
that's why i like it's why i liked having julian on the show
hey well uh i want to go out there where you can uh fit in some more calls but uh
thanks for having me on you're welcome tonight all right and hello to your mystery guest i see
you in there all right take care yeah you too it's somebody else just kind of walking around in the
background all right uh probably has no idea that he's on an internet show right now all right let's
go to another call we've uh got the skyline lighting up hello you're on orange on radio
who's this uh i forgot my name you forgot no actually it's aaron hey it's aaron also known
as yyr what's up buddy uh well uh i'm still uh i'm feeling a little overwhelmed really after
seeing that i was greenlit honestly i don't think i know what day it happened i uh i went back a few
days later and checked and there it was so so they didn't even email you huh they didn't email
you or anything to tell you that that happened no no it's really strange um the page says you know
valve has reached out to this developer no they didn't i didn't get an email or anything i uh i
had to go to the page and find it unless it got sent to spam or something yeah check that out
because they may be waiting on you for something so i think i noticed it on friday because i've
been playing danganronpa and was going back to look over stuff inside i only saw it because
your tweet well that's when i saw it i saw it on friday but uh yes actually they are waiting on
a number of things um first of all uh you know i have to fill out a few things i have to sign an nda
and then uh basically they're going to give me access to the steamworks sdk um and then you know
that's when i'll be able to start adding steam specific features like leaderboards achievements
you know all the good stuff oh yeah you're not gonna have so much fun designing achievements
for this game you're not gonna have to worry about integrating it through your website anymore like
you had to do with your um xbox 360 arcade games yes that's correct no more typing in codes but
then at the same time now you have to learn about how are people going to try to exploit it and put
fake scores up there so look out is that actually happening with other steam games i just figure in
games in general it's happening somewhere you see fake scores everywhere but steam
i don't know i'd have to open that up to the listeners i'm not sure well i'd like to think
that maybe we have some sort of control over it like if we see a number one score that's
very obviously fake it would be nice if we could just kind of go click okay gone yeah
uh kaijuto in chat says do something crazy and don't add achievements start the anti-achievement
moment no but i love chi me too kaijuto is wrong i'm sorry it's a show where every gamer has a
voice but that voice is wrong i'm just giving him a hard time i love achievements too and i
think for a game like multitasking they could work i'm actually going to design i'm gonna
it's going to be one of those games where you know the game there's there's modes that gives you uh
things to do and there are challenges that give you things to do but the achievements are going
to give you other things to do that aren't you know spelled out by the modes like they're going
to have you trying crazy things that you wouldn't otherwise try that's what i'm going to set out to
do with those well but just make sure you have a couple gimmes so i can i can get them they'll be
easy ones too okay good good well everyone ought to be able to get congratulations again on making
green light we're excited to hear about your progress um anything else you want to act def
says make an achievement based on kaijuto well i don't know maybe you have to go into the olr
chat and hate on xbox a certain number of times maybe what you do if you plug and unplug an xbox
controller so many times you get that achievement you get occasionally all right that's a really
good idea hey look at that how do you like that all right oh my god that's gonna be great really
funny no maybe that'll be a secret one all right just all i ask is one olr reference
somewhere there's one olr reference somewhere in there i'd be eternally grateful you know what
that's a fantastic idea and i will do that too all right thank you very much all right uh anything
else on your mind tonight why we are um if you have played ori in the blind forest the definitive
edition should be the easiest five dollar purchase you should ever decide on it's only five bucks
yeah the if you own the original game oh the upgrade is five dollars okay if you don't own
the original game it includes the original game and it's twenty dollars and it's still worth it
um and what does the new one have i have played ori in the blind forest it's great what does the
new one have well the bad news is um you can't move your save over and continue and you know
explore the rest of the world that you didn't see you do have to start over and cry your eyes out
after watching the prologue in the first five minutes again but um the good news is the new
stuff you don't have to wait till the end of the game to see it it's kind of spread all throughout
the game uh they added an easy difficulty for wimps they added a hard one for the tough guys
and they also added a one life difficulty which you know you can't cheat it by quitting the game
quickly there's there's a trick like if you take the xbox offline and copy down the save you know
before it sinks with the cloud then you might be able to continue but probably not like it
it's really actually one life mode so that's dangerous but they also added an entirely new
area a couple of new abilities to the skill tree and uh just some other new surprises and secrets
so it's and new music and it's absolutely worth playing again well i'm gonna have to check that
out all right thank you for the tip all right while we are best of luck in development keep us
posted on progress and multitasking but for now i'm gonna let you go absolutely keep doing what
you guys are doing and any news i have i will announce it here first all right appreciate that
exclusives take care of my friend have a great week you too bye bye 1877 game olr or username
on skype orange lounge radio all one word we'll see if we can squeeze in one more call here before
the end um loki any other last minute stories no no all right well thankfully we do have another
call coming in so we can at least get to that uh hi you're on orange lounge radio who's this
hey there's a deaf hey act deaf what's on your mind buddy um well pokin mostly yeah you've been
playing too what do you think actually i haven't played it yet because i haven't gotten my copy
uh i'm waiting for uh at least tuesday to get my copy but yeah um uh i mostly have a rant about
pokin go for it what's up you know well the the character selection isn't that fast but it's okay
but it's missing like a really core really really important pokemon of the uh of at least the
recent generation i know jigglypuff what's up with that like where no no no no not not jigglypuff
what the fuck jigglypups already is mashed so leave her there i love how actually offended
you were by the fact that i suggested the jigglypuff all right who's missing act f
hallelujah oh i've heard you're not the first person i've heard say this
yeah it's it's like oh my god it's since pokin was announced i was thinking oh my god hallelujah
is gonna be perfect for this it's a lucha door pokemon like like it's like a perfect match
yes but where the fuck is the lucha and somewhere to be to be found instead you got lucha pikachu
which is which is i don't mind lucha uh it's what's the name pikachu pikachu libre yeah pikachu
libre that's it yeah yeah yeah i don't mind being him and pokin like it's yeah it's also like uh
given but we have an actual luchador pokemon that that's pretty much uh uh uh it's a luchador it's
it's obvious that he should uh should have been in pokin and and really it's like idiotic that
and no i don't know if uh fanamco or pokemon company made the decisions in the roster but
it it was like a given even not even for a support pokemon which is also like really what the fuck
here's the good news for what it's worth act f i really feel like a lot of this game is kind of
set up to prove a concept perhaps and i think the sequel is likely to get a lot more of what i think
if this game gets a sequel the sequel will probably deliver on a lot of what people want
and it'll probably be an expanded roster of characters um probably a little more like some
more modes that you can do with single player that aren't just you know a pretty boring story and uh
uh one-on-one play like i kind of feel like they might start to round some of that stuff
out a little bit um so maybe maybe you'll see that happen in pokin too but for now
you know it's it's more of a arcade game that's made its way home i suppose
well that's true uh and aside from that i really don't have anything against the game and i and i
what up from what i'm seeing everyone is most is mostly like in the game
it it seems like it's gonna be a really really great uh uh fighting game for competition
tournament so i'm hearing there's people that were playing street fighter 5 that have left to
play pokin like it's that much of a game changer yeah one of the top players who is uh i think
justin wong is gonna be playing pokin and like uh like seriously it's gonna be entering competitions
and all that so it's gonna be really interesting how how the competition like in evo it's gonna
kind of turn out well and i think if pokin has that kind of coverage and becomes that kind of
game i think it's guaranteed we'll get a sequel to be honest yeah from what i'm seeing it's it's
like really easy to get into yeah but really complicated to master so it is it's gonna be
my head was spinning a little bit after the tutorial but once you get in there and just
start playing like you kind of find out okay i think i know a little more about this than i
thought i did so well act deft uh thank you for your thoughts i'm gonna go ahead and let you go
so we can wrap up the show but thanks for the call hey thanks for having me all right take care of
my friend you too bye-bye i still love how offended he sounded when i suggested julie
puffy in the game all right we're gonna close the skype line sorry to those that didn't get
through but um consider trying uh to send us an email uh participate at orange lounge radio.com
is the place to send us an email so i think with that we are going to wrap up the show for tonight
uh thank you everybody for turning out and listening tonight we had a really fun show
tonight um i know they've already left but i really want to thank becky and julian for being
here they made the show a lot of fun and i'm sure after that you know just so you guys know um
before the show julian was like like there was a moment probably like five minutes before the show
where julian got super nervous about being on air so and then you know it's like how do you how do
you tell the kid that like it's not it's not like there's thousands of people out there you know
there's you know we we're very happy uh with the audience that we have it's kind of like one big
family but it's not like we're not like one of those we're not like good job brain or one of
those podcasts that has like thousands and thousands of listeners you know so uh but he
did great once he uh kind of got in the mode we just told him pretend you're having a normal
conversation he really uh he really showed up and he's a smart kid he is you should have heard
all the science facts he was telling us before the show he comes in here he says do you know
what a googleplex is so i'm like yes it's a building in mountain view anyway of course when
he was three i had to teach him how to say anti-disestablishmentarianism
did you teach him about the uma uma naguna as well the what the state fish of hawaii no the
uma uma naguna go up a waha no jamie let me down maybe maybe next rob where am i from uh alabama
we learned a bunch of stuff in french all right anyhow that is gonna do it for another episode
of orange lounge radio thank you guys so much for tuning into the show if you enjoyed what
you heard help us push to those thousands and thousands of listeners uh tell a friend or two
about the show and help us spread the word uh we are the show where every gamer has a voice but we
can't get those voices on here if they're not showing up uh so thank you very much a five-star
review on a site like itunes or wherever you found this show goes a long way as well we really
appreciate that it is time now to go around and get everybody's final thoughts for the night
loki i see you packing up ready to leave just making sure i didn't forget anything no worries
i do want to remind everybody as well next week on the show uh gabe and brianna from the uh igda
here in sacramento to talk about this year's sac indie arcade which is going to be even bigger
than last year and we'll just kind of check in on what's new with igda and what they're up to and
some of the things they see so i'm very excited about that uh let's go around and get everybody's
final thoughts loki your final thought i'm tired me too i'm tired uh dark soccer your final thought
i'm pretty tired too well and then my final thought is i'm awake just because i have to
be different than my co-host have a great week everybody we'll see you in seven days with more
orange lounge radio good night you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge
radio is a production of olr studios to join us for a live show tune into fognetwork.com
sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific 9 p.m eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
or vog network but you know they were all still true
see you next week
you